{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ACaslonPro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8380\viewh8600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 2014-07-01\
a/n:
\b0  Tempest-Verse. Unfortunately, none of this will make sense without having read Tempest, so I recommend giving that a spin! Readers: Update under way. Also, I mention the Star Fall, which is a reference to 
\b onbrokenfeet
\b0 's story, Gods Among Us. Check that out!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 Tempest: An Almost Meeting
\b0 \
"Anna," King Agdar chided. "Don't run about and ruin your dress before tonight. As I've told you, many dignitaries will be there, and\'97"\
"I know, I can't wait! It'll be great!"\
With the ends of her dress gripped tightly in her hands, eight-year-old Princess Anna of Arendelle continued running circles around the poor maids attempting to style her hair. It was already a stroke of luck they had ever managed to convince Anna to stand still long enough to put the dress on properly. It would take nothing short of a miracle for the energetic girl to sit down and get her hair done right. All the while, King Agdar stood with his arms crossed at the corner of the room and observed. Despite his scolding, his lips formed a gentle smile and his tone held not a trace of impatience.\
After another round of pleading from the maids and Anna steadfastly refusing to comply with their demands, Agdar reached out and picked her up in his arms while she was still charging across the room. Anna only laughed when her father rolled his eyes and deposited her in front of a mirror. She had half a mind to continue their little game, but Agdar kept his eyes trained on her.\
"It's almost time for the gala," Agdar said. "In fact, I think our guests should be arriving soon."\
"And I'll finally get to meet some new people!" Anna cheered, pumping her arms in the air and nearly knocking one of her hairstylists. She quickly retracted her arm and apologized, but the grin never left her face. "I hope none of the princes and princesses are snobby. Are they around my age?"\
"I'm sure there will be some," Adgar said.\
Anna felt herself smiling even wider.\
She might make a friend!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 "Release."\
Elsa stood straight-backed and perfectly balanced at the very center of the ship deck, drawing in careful breaths and smelling the sea on every one. With her eyes closed she could feel the rocking of the ship and hear the slamming of the waves, all of it magnified until the vibrations shook her body and the drumming pounded in her ears. She paid it no heed. Nothing would distract her.\
"Let free."\
Her eyes snapped open, steel reflected on ice blue.\
An unnatural winter storm erupted around her, building in intensity with each second that passed, until it appeared that Elsa stood at the epicenter of a hurricane of snow. Elsa thrust her arm forward and the snow and ice surged along as one great concentrated mass. Just before it hit the mast, she turned her open hand and the cold wave arced upwards, following the mast until it reached the tip of the sails, and then it split in two and exploded outwards. Elsa clenched her fist. Spiking back down to the sea, her snow hit the surface with its trajectory barely slowed and plunged deep within its depths.\
She let her muscles relax and her hands open as she concentrated, feeling out the roiling waters as her magic interspersed within the immeasurable depths. What she was attempting was madness. She could never succeed. No 
\i human 
\i0 could ever succeed at this endeavor\'97\
"There are no limits."\
Summoning every last drop of her power and letting her magic run free, Elsa willed herself to succeed. Once again the storm surrounded her, but this time there was something different. Buffeting winds shook the sails so badly that they might tear any moment, and the waves raged ever stronger, threatening to swallow the ship whole. Elsa paid it no mind. She closed her eyes and allowed the power to build and build within, forgoing all other senses except that intoxicating power flooding her veins, and unknowingly, she outstretched her arms and lifted her head to the darkening sky.\
Ice flooded the oceans.\
Where her magic had already dispersed into the sea, Elsa willed the cold to spread, to freeze, to overcome the impossible, conquer those waters and make it her own. It was an unending struggle. Even as the cold spread, the unforgiving sea battled her dominion and shattered the ice, melted the snow, but Elsa continued pouring her power deep into the water. Ice was formed, was shattered, was remade, again and again and again until the pressure built stronger and stronger deep within.\
Until she lost control.\
Everything collapsed at once. An implosion below the sea sent twin walls of water jetting upwards, dwarfing even the ship. And then the sea calmed. Elsa released her magic and the skies calmed, the waves abated, and all that was left was the quiet pattering of water that fell like rain upon her skin.\
"An impressive display, but a most audacious task you have chosen to pursue. Parting the sea may be too ambitious even for you, my child."\
Elsa turned around and bowed. When she raised her head again, she saw Markus smiling with such obvious amusement that she couldn't help but defend herself.\
"I was attempting to freeze it," Elsa said. "In time, I believe I could succeed."\
"And I have no doubt that you could do anything you set your mind to, Elsa." Markus stepped closer and opened his arms, and Elsa brightened. Without a second thought she hugged him around the middle. It was rare for the man to display affection. She was the only one graced with it.\
"I will make you proud."\
Markus drew away and gave her another fond smile, but before he could speak his smile turned into a grimace. Turning away from her, Markus doubled over into hacking coughs.\
"It will be all right," Markus assured her, but Elsa must have let her concern show on her face because he chuckled and added, "Don't worry. We will be arriving soon, so avoid performing any awe-inspiring feats?"\
Markus retreated into his quarters to rest, leaving Elsa alone on the deck. She walked over to the railing and silently looked out to the sea. Now that she had nothing to occupy her, she could only think of how much she didn't want to see Arendelle. Part of the reason for her attempt to freeze the sea was to impede their progress. She wished Markus had taken one of the princes instead, or brought Saul along. Instead, she was left alone to her thoughts.\
Star Fall was celebrated every year in Arendelle, and it had been decided that a gala would be held this year both to celebrate and to strengthen alliances. Elsa hated Star Fall. She was 
\i born 
\i0 on Star Fall. It only reminded her of wishing that she could be loved and that she could be noticed, while the festivities went on outside and her home had become a nightmare on earth.\
She would just have to bear it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 "Have I introduced you to Elsa?"\
Elsa stepped forward and smiled, dipping into a curtsy rather than a bow as she would for Markus. "It is an honor to meet you, Your Majesty."\
"I assure you that the pleasure is all mine," King Agdar said.\
All about them was the raucous of a party at full swing, musicians playing at one side as the dignitaries danced in the Great Hall, and servants walked to and fro offering carefully selected morsels from silver trays. Elsa barely spared any of them a glance, only paying just enough attention to be able to spot danger if it came. From the moment they had arrived, she kept her eyes trained on King Agdar.\
"But, Markus, I am confused. Where is Gustaf?" Agdar asked.\
"Unfortunately, Gustaf was ultimately a disappointment. Elsa is my heir now," Markus said. "You will be seeing much more of her, I think."\
"Oh, I-I did not know. It's a shame about Gustaf, but I'm sure you have your reasons." Agdar looked at her more carefully, and Elsa calmly met his gaze without once faltering. "How old are you, Elsa?"\
"Eleven, Your Majesty." Elsa bowed her head in deference. "In the future, I hope to continue the good relations between your kingdom and mine."\
Agdar smiled, and Elsa was surprised to find it genuinely caring. Perhaps the man was simply a very good liar. "I hope so too. You are very mature for your age, Elsa. I am extremely impressed."\
"Elsa will be my crowning achievement," Markus said. "I have no doubt that she will lead the Southern Isles into a new age."\
"If only I could say the same for Anna. I worry about her\'85" Agdar shook his head and laughed. "She should be here already, but I'm afraid that she made quite a mess and will be delayed. I hope she manages to be ready by the time all the guests arrive."\
"I'm sure." Markus turned to Elsa and said, "Go ahead and mingle. All of this will be new to you, but a good experience."\
"Of course. It was a pleasure, King Agdar."\
Elsa understood the dismissal for what it was and went about her own business. Mingling with the dignitaries was unnecessary; Elsa had no need to lower herself to their level, and Markus had made that clear before they arrived. Instead, she simply observed. People here left themselves very open. They spoke loudly, freely, and the bustling atmosphere here contrasted starkly with the military-efficiency of the Southern Isles.\
She picked up a glass of water and sipped carefully, still watching the room. Almost everybody was older than her, of course. But though most were younger than Markus, they were all corpulent and bloated on excess, obviously weak-willed and so far from the powerfully charismatic Markus that Elsa could scarcely believe they were also royalty. Rarely, Elsa encountered someone her age. Corona had apparently lost its princess years ago, but many other kingdoms were represented. She was a new face, and so they considered her calculatingly, wondering who she was, debating whether or not she was worth their time and whether she might be an ally or a foe. Elsa ignored them.\
When the trumpets sounded, Elsa looked towards the front of the room.\
"King Agdar of Arendelle!"\
Agdar entered and stood at his throne, poised and much unlike some of the others Elsa had observed. Grudgingly, she admitted that the King of Arendelle was, at least, not a fool\'97\
"Princess Anna of Arendelle!"\
Elsa blinked. With effusive enthusiasm, a redheaded girl burst into the room, waving with all her might and stopping at precisely the wrong spot. She supposed this Anna still had much to learn about etiquette. Someone ushered her next to her father, and then Agdar held some speech or another. Elsa was too distracted by the wide-eyed gaze of Princess Anna looking about with such obvious curiosity that it hurt. Elsa was sandwiched within the crowd, so she supposed the princess couldn't see the wince no doubt on her face. Still, she was tempted to tell her that no one from the royal family should let their thoughts be known so easily. Quite honestly, she had no business smiling that widely. And then after yawning at what must have been a particularly dry portion, she actually 
\i waved
\i0  at people in the middle of her father's speech. Elsa cleared her throat and looked away, fighting back a smile of her own.\
It 
\i was 
\i0 a little refreshing to see such a friendly face.\
It reminded her a little of herself before she had learned better.\
"\'85and I pray that there will be continued peace, and tolerance, so that our children may lead lives safe from threat and undisturbed by strife."\
Any good mood was wiped out.\
Elsa fought back the urge to unleash her powers right there in the Great Hall. If Agdar was so determined on peace and tolerance, maybe he should have taught that lesson to his own kingdom rather than preach it here. No one in Arendelle had ever tolerated her, had ever done anything to alleviate her suffering. Surely 
\i someone 
\i0 had to have known what was happening. Instead, it had fallen on Markus to rescue her. Elsa took a deep breath, and the instant it became socially acceptable to leave, pushed past the crowd and excused herself to the courtyard. Elsa took one last glance behind at Anna, but before the redhead could notice her, she left.\
She had had quite enough of Arendelle already, and everyone in the wretched place.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 Once the party was over, hours later, Anna trudged back to her room disgruntled. She had chatted with a few of the other princes and princesses, but she hadn't liked very many of them. All of them were mean and, in her opinion, too full of themselves. All in all, the night was a big disappointment. Sure, the lights and music was fun, and the chocolate was great, but she had wanted to meet people.\
Anna scaled the stairs and was soon ambling down the hallway back to her room, but as luck would have it, she decided to first take a peek out the window. Nothing in particular piqued her interest. Any other night, and she might have just walked past. But 
\i something 
\i0 made her decide to gaze out into the night, and the first thing she noticed was not the full moon spilling brilliant white light or the stars dotting a cloudless night sky. She looked down, not up, and sitting there at the fountain was a blonde girl.\
She looked so sad.\
Anna had never seen anyone look like that before. She looked lonely, sitting there alone and trailing her finger over the water, staring blankly at her reflection even as the ripples distorted her face. Anna looked down and, despite being only a child, saw someone who needed her help. She ran down the stairs again as fast as she could, nearly falling into a suit of armor, and then sprinted the last stretch and was out the door towards the courtyard.\
"Hey! I'm Anna\'97"\
No one was there.\
She never even learned her name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\i \cf0 \cb1 Word was the war lasted less than a day.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 2014-05-31 \
a/n: 
\b0 A background oneshotfor Hans and takes place in the universe of Tempest, although reading Tempest is actually unnecessary for understanding this particular prince fic. For readers of Tempest (I'm assuming most everybody here...), the next chapter will be out shortly, and I apologize for the wait! But this oneshot is the length of a standard chapter on its own, so I'm not 
\i too 
\i0 sorry, hehe.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 Tempest: Unlucky Number Thirteen
\b0 \
"Why do they hate us, Mother?"\
Hans had only been six years old, but already he could discern the scorn of all those around him. For as long as he could remember he and his mother lived on the edge of tolerance. Many lessons taught him cruelty. Bearing the contempt of his brothers day in and day out. Suffering through the cold neglect of his father. Even being snubbed by 
\i servants 
\i0 who could tell they had no power. By the time he was six, Hans was very much aware that his place was not here in the Southern Isles.\
"Don't think that way, Hans," Anya murmured. She always spoke that way, soft and hesitant, as though she could not bear to raise her voice any more for fear of drawing attention to herself.\
"I'm not blind. All of them think I'm useless, but I'm 
\i better 
\i0 than them," Hans said, unable to keep the edge from his voice. It maddened him to see his mother so demure. She should have been more than this. She 
\i was 
\i0 more than this.\
"Nobody thinks you're useless," Anya insisted, patting the spot next to her in bed, but Hans refused to budge. "Your brothers are only teasing. It will pass with time, I promise."\
"I never mentioned my brothers. You did," Hans said, and Anya flinched. "I can tell nobody likes me. They say I am not of Father's blood. They say that I am a bastard. Is it so wrong to want more than this?"\
Anya knelt down to eye-to-eye level with her son, such sincere affection in her eyes that Hans suddenly felt ashamed for the resentment he always held at his lot in life. At moments like these, he knew he was different from his mother. Even through the bare vestiges of childhood naivety that remained, Hans could see the contrast. Mother was the kindest, most selfless person he knew, but himself?\
"Hans," Anya said, "I love you."\
"I love you too, Mother," Hans said quietly.\
Anya smiled and brushed her hand over Hans' hair, carefully rearranging the stray strands that adorned his forehead. "Oh, Hans. Won't you call me Mamma again? You used to do it."\
"But Father would not approve," Hans said. "It is too informal."\
"Mother is so impersonal," Anya whispered. "I want to hear you call me Mamma one last time. Won't you do that for me?"\
"I love you too, Mamma," Hans said slowly. "Is something wrong\'97?"\
"Remember that you're not useless, Hans. You are so much more," Anya said, and Hans had no chance to speak before his mother embraced him. She was shaking. He could feel the vibrations even as her arms circled around him to hold him close, and to his horror, he heard her sobbing as she spoke. "You can be king. I know you can, if I'm not there to burden you."\
"What's wrong?" Hans asked again, closing his arms around his mother and burrowing his head into her shoulder. She had been here for him for so long. Now he had to be there for her.\
"Nothing. For once, nothing is wrong," Anya said. She pulled away and wiped away her tears with the back of her hand, then patted Hans on the head and gave him a tight smile. "I can give you more, Hans."\
And that would be the last time Hans ever saw his mother.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 Anya of the Southern Isles was born a peasant girl in the outer districts, not quite in the lowest rungs of society but very, very close. Her family was poor, but not yet homeless; Anya grew up with her parents and two younger sisters in a ramshackle home that was nevertheless filled with light and laughter, and if her ratty, secondhand clothing was less than warm, certainly her heart glowed enough with love to last through even the harshest winter. It was a simple life she led, not extravagant but comfortable.\
All that would change when, at the age of sixteen, Anya entered the Southern Isles Castle as a maid. She was young but not ambitious, too worldly to entertain dreams of becoming anything more than a lowly servant in the glittering castle. She was only intent on earning more money so that parents might rest in their old age and that her sisters might lead a better life. Easy enough to be taken in.\
One glance at her had been enough.\
Anya was not beautiful, per say, far from the exotic beauties of foreign lands or even the glamour of the high-born nobles. Her hair was not flowing blonde or glossy red but a common brown. An inattentive glance might even see her as plain, and 
\i freckled
\i0 , but she was the type of person who grew more beautiful the closer one looked. She was comely, soft features gentle and pleasing to the eye. Soothing to look at, even, like a familiar and friendly face that could be relied upon. But she had always possessed a certain air about her; Anya was genuine. She spoke softly and respectfully, smiled a tiny, shy smile, and her wide eyes could hold no secrets. Very simply, she invited the trust of others.\
So it really should not have been a surprise that she would become the object of envy when suddenly given the attention of one very important man in the castle.\
Anya had been much beloved by the Queen and even the concubines during the early period of her arrival, skilled at her work and blessed with a quick mind. But when King Markus took a liking to her, she was suddenly competition, and suddenly much less desirable to have around. Her demure attitude now seemed like an act to those women who employed the same strategies, and her soft voice denounced as siren song. Markus continued to ask for Anya to attend him and she continued to brew tea for him as he worked. For all the rumors, nothing had happened between them.\
Until there inevitably was.\
A rational part of Anya told her that she could not capture the king's affection for long, but the part of her that was young and na\'c3\'afve admired the hardworking man who toiled until late hours of the night, reading petitions and straining to manage his sprawling kingdom. She had watched him for many weeks. She knew firsthand how dedicated he was. And Markus was a handsome man, middle-aged but still in his prime, strong and beautiful, so when he devoted his undivided attention to Anya, she was stricken by the horrible irrationality that accompanied love.\
She hardly minded that she was never given a title. She was merely the maid who was neither a servant nor a master, higher in status than the others but not formally, only in an unspoken agreement that she was not to be trifled with any longer. She was hated by the women she worked for and estranged from the women she worked with, the former turning their noses at her gall and the latter bowing their heads in mingled fear and envy of her new position of favor. But still, Anya was not yet a threat and so she was left alone and untitled.\
Until she was.\
Her pregnancy threw the court into a loop. Only towards the end of her term \'97 when it became unfortunately clear that despite repeated attempts from the concubines she would not miscarry \'97 did Markus deign to marry her. But other proceedings made the ceremony a rushed, paltry thing: Crown Prince Gustaf's rebellion had only just been settled, his wife and unborn son banished to Baaj; Prince Edmund had just been born, the unnamed mother sent away to some distant place; and two days later, Prince Hans was born to much less fanfare than the acclaimed twelfth son. It was clear to everyone that the thirteenth prince Hans would be waylaid.\
"Is he mine?" Markus asked, frowning at the unfamiliar shock of red hair.\
Anya had no answer for him that he would trust, and in that moment, she saw Markus for what he really was. She had thought she loved him. Suddenly, looking at that imperious visage boring down at her with all the judgment of a warlord, she thought she was looking at a stranger.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 Hans was overshadowed, of course. How could he not be, with twelve older brothers, and worse, bearing the stigma of being born of common-blood and possibly illegitimate? And his brothers loved to make their superiority known. Whenever they crossed paths, the ones who could be bothered would let Hans know exactly what they thought of him.\
"It's truly a pity that your mother is so unmemorable," Tobias said, flicking a strand of his hair over his shoulder. "Else you might have a chance at being something, Hans."\
Hans frowned but offered no rebuttal, only bowing his head and continuing on his way back to his shared quarters with his mother. But no matter how hard Hans pushed his short legs, he could never escape. Lording over him with his twelve years of seniority and much longer strides, Tobias matched him easily and continued to speak in his shrill, nasally tone.\
"I like you, I really do," Tobias said, laughing a little when Hans tried to hasten his walk. "So let me give you some advice. Break away from your mother."\
Hans stopped dead in his tracks and glared up at Tobias, unable to keep from scowling. It was a mistake to show on his face how much his brother's words affected him, but keeping calm was a lesson Hans would not learn until later in life. At six years old, he still wore his heart on his sleeve.\
"Shut up," Hans said.\
It was a weak, ineffectual answer, but Hans could not express in words how incredulous he found the idea of breaking away from his mother. All the other princes save for Saul had been raised by nannies; Hans was raised by his birth-mother, and he couldn't imagine living any other way. Just thinking of the cold, impersonal care of those horrible women 
\i paid 
\i0 to do little more than ensure his physical comfort made Hans sick. As if they could ever replace his mother's love. He almost felt 
\i sorry 
\i0 for his brothers.\
"Careful to watch your language now. You don't want Alvard to teach you your manners again," Tobias said, snorting when Hans flinched at the memory. "You look like you're having a seizure."\
Tobias wasn't far off. Thinking about Alvard made Hans want to duck for cover. Alvard had an unfortunate habit of pushing Hans around, convinced of the rumors of his illegitimacy and intent on correcting any bad blood running through his veins, always citing something about how real men should act. Though Alvard refused to tolerate any of the princes, in his own words, 
\i bullying 
\i0 Hans, he himself unknowingly terrorized his younger brother.\
"I will compose myself," Hans muttered. "Now if you will leave me in peace\'97"\
"Oh, look. It's Golden Boy," Tobias interrupted, nodding his head to familiar faces just down the hallway. Raising his voice, Tobias called, "Saul! Good to see you. Still the favorite? Or is it true that Father favors Edmund now?"\
Saul passed by them, followed as usual by Oliver and Reid, and the trio stopped to give greeting. Polite as always, Saul deflected the question by answering, "Father favors us all for our merits. Good morning, Tobias." Oliver and Reid likewise followed suit, 
\i only 
\i0 bidding Tobias good morning, and none of the three spared Hans even the slightest glance.\
"See, Hans? Now 
\i that 
\i0 is what I call good manners. And how old are you now, Saul?" Tobias held up a hand when Saul opened his mouth to answer, and he guessed, "Seven? Eight?"\
"\'85Eleven," Saul said.\
Tobias eyed the younger boy carefully and, just loud enough that the others could hear but quiet enough that no one could make mention of it, muttered, "In that case, you need to eat more." Louder, he said, "Eleven! You're growing up well. How are classes? Is Hans keeping up?"\
"I'm doing just fine," Hans said. Almost hopefully, he added, "Saul is doing the best."\
Saul didn't even bat an eye, instead keeping his gaze fixed on Tobias. When Oliver twitched as though about to look towards Hans, Saul made a motion of his hand and Oliver stilled. Polite smile never faltering, Saul answered, "Classes are going well. I'll see you at dinner, Tobias."\
Hans stayed silent, and just like that, Saul and his group left. It was like they never saw him, and they continued on their way without a single word to Hans or even a hint they knew he existed. Hans watched them go, stomach plummeting. Being heckled by Tobias and hounded by Alvard was tolerable. What stung the most was not outright dislike but indifference.\
"It's really as though you were invisible," Tobias said. "Did you know that Saul says good morning to the chefs and even the stable hands? And you, his own brother \'97 possibly \'97 he stays so very silent."\
Tobias always had a gift for wrenching a knife in the wound. For all of his vaunted maturity Saul was still a child, and his mother, the Queen, hated Anya to such a breaking point that it proved detrimental her health. Of course, Anya had once been her personal servant. And with her eldest son Gustaf out of favor with the king, all of her hopes had been transferred to her second son, Saul. Hans was competition, and worse, competition from someone who had once bathed and massaged her feet. To her, the idea was simply intolerable. Saul only learned from his mother.\
"As though anybody likes 
\i you 
\i0 any more than they do me," Hans muttered, and he was pleased to see Tobias still for a fraction of a second before his poise returned.\
"But you make a much better target," Tobias said.\
It was unbearable to remain silent, but Hans knew his mother hated confrontation so he kept his head bowed and walked along. Tobias was thankfully quiet the rest of the way, but Hans was aggravated by how Tobias was still frustratingly 
\i there
\i0 , even when he had arrived at his quarters at last. When Tobias nodded encouragingly at the doorknob, Hans replied with a flat stare.\
"Mother won't want to see you."\
"But we had such a marvelous conversation last time," Tobias said.\
Hans chose not to mention that Tobias had left Anya reduced to tears. Gustaf was above such pettiness, but Fabian and Tobias took great pleasure in making snide comments to the common-born woman about her humble background. Tobias especially loved to give progress reports about Hans, how he was shunned by his brothers and blindsided by his father at dinners that Anya was never invited to and Hans only out of formality.\
"Go find someone else to bother, if anyone else would put up with you," Hans said. Run back to the libraries and skulk there, Hans thought. Mother didn't need to be bothered by his cruel words.\
"Fine," Tobias said, holding his hands up in surrender. "But think about my advice, Hans. Anya is just a burden to you, and she knows it too."\
"She is my mother," Hans said, voice slipping into a slight growl, but Tobias only shrugged.\
"You know where to find me if you need," Tobias said, and he went the other way.\
Only after Tobias rounded the bend did Hans open the door. It was still the afternoon and the room ought to have been bright, but all the curtains were down as they were in the mornings when they first awoke. Had Mother gone out? She did not often, preferring to withdraw from the cruel jeers of the castle. Hans drew the curtains back and looked outside. It was a beautiful day. The Southern Isles rarely had anything less than perfect weather, but today especially the sun shined bright and the skies were clear blue, with pure white clouds just enough to fight back the heat but retain the warmth.\
Well, perhaps Mother had gone out to enjoy the weather. She would return soon.\
Hans sat there for an hour, and then two, and then three, and the hours ticked on until he fell asleep and woke again, and though the day had long since passed to night, his mother still had not returned.\
Worry gnawed at his mind when the invitation to dinner arrived by way of a much too condescending servant. Never mind that Mother almost never left the room, she always tidied him up before sending him on his way to dinner. She ought to have been back already. Hans waved the servant away with a message that he would be skipping dinner, knowing he would likely be punished for his insolence, but he had to stay and wait.\
Another hour, and then two, and then three.\
Hans stayed in his room all night in silent vigil, fighting to keep his eyes open until sleep claimed him at last, an unwilling host.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 Hans awoke the next morning to an empty room. Throwing off his blankets, he burst out the door. Looking left and right and seeing no one, Hans cursed being relegated to this distant corner of the castle where almost no one visited. Running down the hallways for three minutes, he accosted the first person he could find, a maid who he actually recognized as one who had worked with his mother before.\
"Have you seen my mother?" Hans asked.\
"I'm afraid I don't know who that is."\
"You don't know\'97" Hans lost his voice when the maid began to walk away, but once the shock passed, he ran past her and blocked the way. "Don't lie to me! Of course you know who she is\'97"\
"Your mother has never lived in these halls. Do you understand?" With that cryptic message, the maid walked around Hans and left.\
It was the same with everyone who Hans could find. Everyone he asked told him that they had no idea who his mother was, that he had always lived alone in his quarters, and that whoever his mother was, she had certainly never raised him. Every time he heard the same answer, Hans grew more and more frantic. Of course Mother had lived here. What game were they trying to pull? No doubt Fabian had organized this. Maybe he had even kidnapped his mother.\
Hans ran past the library before skidding on his heels. Turning back, he threw open the doors and as expected, Tobias was sitting at the corner table absorbed in a dusty tome. Hans charged towards him and slammed the book out of his hands, the thick binding hitting the table with a loud smack that echoed through the empty room. Books rattled on the shelves.\
Tobias sighed. "What's got you in such a rush?"\
"Where is my mother?" Hans asked again.\
For some reason, Tobias shot out of his seat and looked around the empty library before turning his glare down at Hans. "Have you asked anyone else this?"\
"Just the maids\'97"\
"Good. Smart of you to come to me and not any of the others. If they went to Father, you would be in deep trouble," Tobias said, slumping down into his seat again, but despite his praise, Hans would have asked any of his brothers if only he had seen them first.\
"I just want to know where my mother is!" Hans exclaimed.\
"No one is ever going to speak of her again. I advise you to do the same," Tobias said. When Hans repeated his question, Tobias sighed and shook his head. "You won't be any happier knowing."\
"I want to know," Hans said quickly. Instead of answering, Tobias closed his book in a slow, deliberate motion, taking time to brush the embossed surface of dust. While Hans waited impatiently, Tobias leaned forward and slid the book back into its place on a bookshelf. At last, Hans said again, "Tell me!"\
Sitting down, Tobias was just the right height to look Hans in the eye. "Are you sure?"\
"Yes!"\
"Fine. Follow me."\
Moving so swiftly that Hans had trouble keeping up, Tobias swept out of the library. Hans followed behind him, half-doubtful but half-hopeful, unsure if he could trust Tobias at all but having no other choice. His fears only grew when they exited the castle altogether, taking the path to the stables, but Tobias offered no explanation and instead hastened his steps when Hans called out to him.\
Then they were past the stables and out into the forests, farther and farther in where almost no one went, until the trees blocked out the sun and allowed only a trickle of light through the gaps in the canopy of leaves. Untended foliage was tall enough that Hans needed to take care when stepping over thorns and thistles, lest he cut himself, but haste made him careless. More than once he felt the prick of spines against his legs, but only like a distant thought.\
Finally, they stopped.\
"Here we are," Tobias said.\
It was just a clearing.\
"But there's nothing here!" Hans whirled around, furious at the joke but unwilling to waste any more time. Before he could move away, Tobias seized his wrist and turned him back towards the clearing.\
"Look!" Tobias said, pointing at a single tree.\
It was just a normal tree.\
But Hans looked closer, his mouth drying, his breath hitching, his heart stopping when he saw what exactly Tobias was pointing at. Not the clearing. Not the tree. Not anything that should have been there, in that lonely part of the woods where no one tended.\
There was a noose hanging off the branch.\
"You're lying," Hans said, closing his eyes, but the sight had burned itself to the back of his eyelids. It became worse, so much worse, so he opened his eyes again and turned a furious glare at Tobias, 
\i Tobias
\i0 , who was there and who he could throw his anger at without fear. "You're lying!"\
Hans charged at Tobias only to be shoved aside, and he landed on his back with his breath knocked out of his chest. Propping himself up on his arms, Hans sat up just in time for Tobias to drag him up.\
"Your mother is dead because of you," Tobias sneered.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\i \cf0 Is it so wrong to want more than this?
\i0 \

\i I can give you more, Hans.
\i0 \
Hans fell to his knees in the dirt, staring up at the rope where his mother had\'97\
Was it really because of him, because of what he had said? But Hans had never needed anything more. Not really. All he needed was his mother. Why had she made the choice for him\'85? Hans would never have chosen anything over her. She had to have known. She 
\i had 
\i0 to.\
It wasn't his fault.\
But it wasn't his mother's fault either.\
"Listen," Tobias said, after leaving Hans to lie there trapped in his thoughts. "Father has decreed that no one speak of your mother again, and that includes talking about your\'85legitimacy. Just take this as a blessing and move on. Don't waste it. Understood?"\
"\'85A blessing?" Hans muttered.\
"A blessing," Tobias agreed.\
Hans rose and closed his eyes, and this time the image of the noose was gone. Later, when he thought back to his moment, he would never remember how long he stood there. When he opened his eyes again, he looked towards Tobias and towards the castle that was his place, towards the throne he was owed for this sacrifice.\
"I am the thirteenth prince," Hans said. "And I am my father's son."\
Unlucky number thirteen.\
Not his fault, and not his mother's fault, but he could blame twelve people. Hans had twelve brothers. One by one, he would give them bad luck.\
Until, one by one, they were no more.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 2014-02-27 (cpt 18)\
a/n:
\b0  Elsa is 10, and Edmund is 8. Gustaf is in his late-twenties.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 Tempest: Checkmate
\b0 \
When Elsa first met Gustaf, she had liked him.\
Well, not quite the 
\i first 
\i0 time. Elsa met everyone all at once during that rushed introduction on her first day, and then a second time over supper. It had taken her little time to grow wary of Tobias, who was always sneering in her direction, and Fabian, who seemed to think it hilarious to poke about how out of place she was. However, Gustaf, who sat at the far end of the table rather than his rightful place to the right of Markus \'97 a position now occupied by Elsa \'97 remained politely distant throughout dinner.\
It was actually more than two years later when she first interacted with Gustaf in any significant capacity. Not to say they never saw each other, far from it. They passed each other in the halls and exchanged polite greetings, and of course every night at supper Elsa would see Gustaf. But compared to those she shared classes with\'85\
No, they were as good as strangers.\
So it was only by chance that while Elsa was exploring by herself, she found Gustaf in the lounge patiently teaching his much, much younger little brother on the finer points of his favorite pastime. Not an entirely rare occurrence, though generally Gustaf was accompanied by Cyrus and Cyrus meant 
\i Fabian
\i0  was also around; Elsa preferred to avoid Fabian. She was not 
\i afraid 
\i0 (never be afraid, Markus said, always be proud), only rightfully cautious of the mean-spirited, sometimes lewd man. Cyrus knew where to draw the line. Fabian had no such scruples.\
Hence the second coincidence, that today there was only Gustaf and Edmund, and Elsa felt comfortable enough to linger a good distance away and watch. Edmund sat so far forward he was dangling precariously over the edge of the couch, entire face screwed up with utmost concentration as he glared at the chessboard. On the other hand, Gustaf looked completely at ease.\
"Checkmate," Gustaf said.\
"I made all the right moves!" Edmund exclaimed. "How did I lose again?"\
"You're overthinking and losing adaptability. Sometimes, you have to step back and look at the greater picture." Gustaf turned to Elsa, who had thought herself very discrete as she watched. "Would you like to join us, Elsa? You've stood there a while."\
"O-Oh, I'm sorry. I wouldn't want to impose\'97"\
Moving so fast Elsa couldn't react with much more than a yelp, Edmund bounded up, took her by the hand, and dragged her over to the couches before sitting her down in his own seat across from Gustaf. Edmund himself plopped down on another couch and huffed.\
"You can get slaughtered in my place, Elsa," Edmund said, looking much too innocent for the glee in his eyes. Suddenly, though, he winced and kneaded his temple. Gustaf leaned forward but Edmund shook his head. "Just a headache."\
"Again?" Elsa asked. She had noticed him doing much the same in class.\
"Comes and goes. All this chess and thinking is getting to me." Edmund shrugged, and then his eyes brightened again. "Oh! Actually, I've been wondering. Can I call you Sis? It's all right if I call you that, right?"\
"Don't scare the girl. Edmund can be very enthusiastic, I apologize," Gustaf sighed, rearranging the pieces on his side of the board. Elsa hastened to mimic him for her own field. "Nicely done. Very efficient."\
"Th-Thank you. And that's fine, Edmund," Elsa said, but her voice left as a pitiful squeak and Gustaf raised an eyebrow.\
Edmund grinned. "What did I say? We're family now. Calling Elsa Sis isn't such a big deal."\
"As if anyone could refuse when you ask so brusquely," Gustaf said dryly.\
It 
\i was
\i0  a little strange to be considered part of the royal family, and even stranger still to be so warmly welcomed when Elsa was used to being unwanted. Of course, most of the welcome came from Saul and Edmund, with the others maintaining an amicable distance \'97 Stefan, Rafael, and Alek as long as Alvard was elsewhere. Hans was distant from 
\i everyone
\i0 , so he didn't count. Elsa had tried to talk to him once and been firmly rebuffed, and she decided against prodding further.\
Edmund had been one of two people to fully accept her from the get-go, so while Elsa was thrown by the request, she didn't mind. "It really is fine," Elsa said again, and Edmund cheered. Gustaf shrugged and directed her attention to the chessboard.\
Elsa listened intently as Gustaf explained how each piece moved and how they captured, and to her great relief it took only one time for her to memorize the individual chessmen.\
"They are simple individually, but taken together, the possibilities are endless," Gustaf warned. "Now then, we'll play a game."\
"He likes to teach you to think on your feet," Edmund offered, when he noticed that Elsa looked stricken by being thrown into the game so quickly. "He'll give you pointers\'85but 
\i after
\i0 ."\
Elsa nodded slowly. "I actually prefer to be taught that way."\
"Ahh, I hear from Edmund that you are excelling in your studies."\
"Hardly excelling, but I manage."\
"Elsa usually does the best," Edmund said. "Even better than Saul! And we all know how much he cares about his grades and actually 
\i studies
\i0 ."\
"Most people care a bit more than you." Gustaf shook his head when Edmund only laughed and Elsa hid a smile behind her hand. Looking back down to the table, he switched the board around. "I usually play white, but I'll give you the first move. Go ahead, Elsa."\
It was to his credit that Gustaf didn't capitalize on every single flawed play Elsa made and gave her the chance to gradually feel out the game \'97 and she knew she made many mistakes, though at first she didn't understand quite 
\i how
\i0 , only having an intuitive feeling that she could have chosen a better move. After each game, Gustaf indeed told her how to improve, and slowly but surely Elsa began to see the holes in her strategy and adjusted accordingly.\
"You learn quickly," Gustaf said.\
"Thank you," Elsa answered, ducking her head just a little at the unexpected praise.\
"Hey, better than me," Edmund said, peering over the board in excitement and very nearly knocking a few pieces over. "Took me ages to figure out all these pieces."\
"Shouldn't you have memorized them quickly?" Elsa asked.\
Edmund shrugged. "Well, yeah\'97" Gustaf cleared his throat and Edmund rolled his eyes, correcting himself, "Well, 
\i yes
\i0 . But, you know\'97" Elsa cleared her throat. Clenching his teeth this time, Edmund said, "
\i However
\i0 , I found it difficult to, as Gustaf likes to remind me, 
\i see the big picture
\i0 . You two are horrible."\
"I'm sorry, but after being corrected myself so many times\'85" Elsa smiled widely.\
"Fine, Sis, I'll give you that one."\
"Digression aside, chess is a lifelong study but you are making extraordinary progress." Gustaf chuckled when Elsa began another game by moving her King's Pawn forward two steps. "Ahh, the Danish Gambit. Aggressive."\
E4. E5.\
D4. ExD4; Gustaf took her pawn.\
Elsa nodded. "Markus told me that the best defense is a good offense."\
C3. Pause.\
To her surprise, Gustaf frowned. "Father has always been willing to forgo caution, but\'85" D5. Rather than take her bait, he only sent a pawn behind his own, the one positioned to take the sacrifice Elsa had laid out for him. "Now then, I have safely taken one of your pawns and your options are limited. If you follow Father and his instruction blindly, then this is the result. I know that all too well, I'm afraid."\
It wasn't long before that game ended, and on a rather brutal note to boot. Whatever restraint Gustaf had was suddenly gone, replaced by the expert play of a master that left Elsa cornered in three moves.\
"Gustaf and Father don't get along very well anymore," Edmund said suddenly.\
It was very rare to hear anything so sensitive said so directly in the castle, where all of the princes had been taught from birth how to speak without revealing too much. Even Saul sometimes hid things from her without realizing he was doing it. After so long, Elsa herself was fast becoming used to the sort of double-speak that had practically been a second language at first. What was 
\i not 
\i0 said was even more important than what was, and she had practiced how to pick out implications from the tiniest of clues.\
But truth be told, the subject of Gustaf and Markus was something Elsa had wondered about for a long time. By all rights, Gustaf should have had her seat at dinner, the right-hand position and not the far end. And as the eldest son, Gustaf should have been the heir yet Markus still had not named him so. Other things clued her in too, signs that weren't half as subtle. When father and son passed each other, their greeting felt even colder than the ice Elsa was learning to control.\
"Edmund," Gustaf chided, but the younger boy only stuck his tongue out and fixed up the chessboard. Elsa was much too preoccupied to do it herself, and Gustaf seemed to have little interest in it either.\
"It's a matter of some delicacy, I'm sure," Elsa said, the words sounding awkward in her head and feeling even more so on her tongue. It wasn't the way she would normally speak, but rather than ask a question \'97 which would essentially be 
\i demanding 
\i0 an answer \'97 she phrased it as a statement that Gustaf could choose to either answer or politely ignore.\
For a very long, tense moment, Elsa was sure Gustaf would choose the latter.\
"We have our differences in opinion," Gustaf admitted finally, but for once his mask slipped and a hint of darkness crept into his eyes. With his normally impassive face lit up by sudden intense energy, he resembled Markus more than ever. "And there are many debts that Father has yet to repay."\
Edmund tilted his head in questioning, but Elsa didn't prod further.\
"I-I see."\
They continued playing, but the atmosphere was considerably different. Gustaf seemed deep in thought and his pointers became halfhearted and ineffectual; Elsa likewise played in silence, her plays becoming increasingly sloppy. It only got worse when Edmund left, claiming that he needed to find something to do before he died of boredom; Elsa really thought she might accidentally release a burst of ice from how uncomfortable she felt. When about five minutes later Edmund returned with a sketchbook and plopped down at his old spot, Elsa had never been gladder. Edmund filled in the gaps of silence with slightly inane chatter, all the while drawing diligently into his book.\
Elsa couldn't help looking over to see what Edmund was so engrossed in.\
A sky with dark storm clouds gathered overhead. To one side was a snarling dragon spewing dark fire from its maw, and on the other, a radiant human figure with noble features carrying a golden spear. On closer inspection Elsa saw that Edmund was not drawing a human, for the figure possessed large white wings in stark contrast to the veined and leathered bat-wings of the dragon. It was an angel.\
"
\i Factum est silentium in caelo. Dum committeret bellum draco cum Michaele archangelo
\i0 ," Edmund recited, continuing to sketch with remarkable ease and skill as Elsa looked on curiously.\
"There was silence in heaven. Then the dragon entered battle with the archangel, Michael," Elsa said slowly. "It's very good."\
"Thanks, Sis." Edmund grinned his usual toothy smile but didn't look up, opting to continue working and now angling his pencil to better shade the wings. "But still, you should see Stefan draw. I can copy stuff but Stefan actually does his own paintings."\
"So why this one?"\
"An old favorite of mine, and one Edmund seems to have picked up," Gustaf said. "I liked confrontations between opposites, between extremes, good and evil, justice and injustice. Dragon and angel, locked in eternal combat."\
"I just think it looks amazing," Edmund piped up.\
"But you don't like it now?" Elsa asked.\
"Being idealistic is not always a viable approach. The angel is not always the angel, and the dragon is very rarely only a monster. I've found that things are not often as straightforward as that, not black and white." Gustaf nodded to the chess pieces, so starkly contrasted by color and arrayed on firmly opposite ends. "Do you think they are, Elsa?"\
Elsa paused, struggling for an answer. "I would hope so."\
"Perhaps one day you will find an answer," Gustaf said, smiling wryly. "I certainly have not."\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240
\cf0 \cb1 Not long after, Markus told her of Gustaf's insurrection and Elsa forgot all about the dichotomy of the Dragon and Archangel Michael, vowed to erase whatever poisonous influence Gustaf had on her mind.\
It was just as well.\
The world hardly needed to be more complicated than it already was.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 2014-02-19 (backstory of cpt 11, released after cpt 12?)\
a/n: 
\b0 This is a side-story to my main fic, Tempest, so it might not make much sense if you haven't read that. For readers: It had to happen eventually, haha, sorry! Team Salsa :D I don't say this enough, but thank you so much for all the follows/favs/reviews!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa120
\cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li480\ri1080\sa240

\b \cf0 \cb1 Fine Dining
\b0 \
"Why are there so many?" Elsa asked.\
She stared helplessly at the array of utensils splayed out on the table, all of them pale gold and no doubt made of the finest materials that Elsa even now was amazed to see, let alone handle. But there was just so 
\i many. 
\i0 It made her dizzy just looking at all of them reflecting the light.\
"It does seem excessive," Saul agreed, but he did not shrug. Elsa remembered that from the etiquette lessons. Never shrug. Blink infrequently. Always walk with a straight back, shoulders lowered and your head held high. Walk on the ball of your feet, right behind the toes. Move at the right speed, not too fast and not too slow. Do not swing your arms.\
Remembering all that was enough to make her head spin, let alone the sudden inclusion of fine dining.\
"Have a seat," Saul said, arm sweeping into a grand gesture the grace of which Elsa could only envy. When she tried the same, she only looked like a barbarian. At least she had mastered 
\i sitting 
\i0 after a few days of rigorous practice. On the other end of the table, Saul seated himself as well.\
"All right," Elsa breathed. "I'm ready."\
"Relax," Saul laughed. "It's just me."\
Elsa smiled weakly. It was true, Saul 
\i was 
\i0 her closest friend here, but in a way that only made things worse. She thought she might die of embarrassment if she messed up. Especially after Cyrus pointed out her atrocious table manners over dinner a few days ago, prompting Markus to set up this whole training \'97 and despite his reprimand, quite obviously proving his son correct by doing so.\
"You're gonna laugh," Elsa mumbled. She only remembered after the fact that she ought not to mumble, and colloquialisms like 
\i gonna 
\i0 were as taboo as swears if not more so.\
"I likely will, but I hope you know I'll be laughing with you and not at you," Saul said, very seriously as was his wont. It was hard not to believe him. "I understand that this is new for you, but think of it as a bit of fun experimentation. At the very least, there will be food."\
On cue, a platoon of servants brought up dishes. Elsa hastily followed Saul's example and laid out her napkin over her knees.\
"Remember to keep your feet on the floor. Don't cross your legs, and don't lean back on your chair. Elbows at your side," Saul said.\
"Err\'85" Elsa shut her mouth and cleared her throat. Not appropriate to make those unconfident noises. "Is this correct?"\
Saul smiled but hid it behind his hand, a habit Elsa was already learning to mimic. "You don't have to be so stiff. Be natural."\
She had no idea how to be natural while sitting like an automaton, but Elsa did the best she could until Saul nodded his satisfaction. "Will we be having wine?" Elsa asked, nodding to the glasses at the table.\
"Ahh, no. Those are there to let you know what they are, but I think we should break you in slowly." Saul lifted the top left glass, then the one below, then the top right, then the bottom right. "Red wine, white wine, champagne, and water."\
"Okay. Stick with water for now."\
Saul motioned for the servants, and they put down a covered dish on each of their plates before lifting the dome. Elsa eyed the salad carefully \'97 just a salad, nothing too fancy yet, which was a bit of a relief \'97 as though heading off to battle.\
"Now then, onto utensils. A general rule of thumb is to work your way from the outside in. Always take small portions at a time," Saul explained.\
Elsa nodded and picked up the fork at the far left, only for Saul to clear his throat. She dropped it like something poisonous and looked up guiltily.\
"Wait for the host first," Saul said gently. After picking up his own fork and taking a small bite of salad, he gestured to Elsa. "Now you've offered me your respect, and I've reciprocated by proving that there is no poison."\
"Wait, poison?"\
"It's a thing." Saul placed his fork down on the plate, vertically over the center with the tines pointed up. "Follow my example, please."\
Elsa hastened to do the same, and to her shock the servants took the salad away. "I didn't have any!"\
"Punishment for lack of etiquette," Saul said, and this time he did not hide his smile. Elsa could tell he was enjoying this, and she bristled immediately at her so-called friend. Calm down, she told herself, and after a deep breath, she put on a likewise saccharine smile. Saul smiled so widely it could almost be a grin. "Now you know to put cutlery down on the plate and never back on the table. Angle it if you're not finished. Vertical if you are."\
"Understood," Elsa bit out.\
"Soup is next." Bowls were laid out in front of them, but Elsa thought they resembled tall plates with indentations more than anything. There wasn't even much soup in them, though the creamy broth looked incredibly appetizing, steaming hot and loaded with fresh seafood. "For soup, you'll use the bowl-shaped spoon. Observe."\
Elsa did just that, allowing Saul to go first this time and taking note of what he was doing. After he was done with the first spoonful, she daintily picked up her spoon and dug in. Keep the bowl on the table. Start at the center and scoop away from yourself. When Saul had no complaints, Elsa let herself smile at the success, and she leaned over to get at it\'97\
"Ahem." Elsa nearly dropped her spoon but Saul continued, "Bring the spoon to your mouth and not the other way around. Sorry, Elsa."\
And just like that, her soup was taken away too. Elsa frowned, trying her hardest not to growl when she saw even the servants looking amused. "Will I be eating at all tonight?"\
"That's up to you," Saul said. "Excuse me for a minute, I do enjoy this soup. I'll finish it before we continue."\
So Elsa watched as Saul very deliberately took his time lingering over the dish, occasionally sending her glances that were altogether smug in her opinion. Not that he would look smug to anyone else, but she could tell. It took everything she had not to cross her arms, but she sat there and waited with all the pensive grace expected of her. Finally, Saul allowed his bowl to be taken away and they were presented with new delicacies.\
Dessert!\
"Not dessert, pudding," Saul corrected, but Elsa was too happy to care. "There is a difference. Use both a spoon and a fork for this. Sometimes utensils for pudding are above the plate, but otherwise, continue to move inwards from the side."\
Elsa picked up a spoon in her left hand and a fork in her right once Saul did the same, and she watched as he scooped some with the fork into the spoon. Easy enough. She mimicked the procedure and this time remembered not to lean forward. It was a nerve-wracking experience trying to balance the gelatinous pudding in her spoon, but eventually she managed to bring it to her mouth. Sweet, sugary goodness flooded her tastebuds; Elsa barely managed to hold in a squeal. She might have scooped a little too much though. Some of it smeared on her lips, so Elsa lifted her napkin and did a broad sweep\'97\
And the servants took her pudding away.\
"What did I do wrong this time?" Elsa exclaimed.\
"I already excused the big bite, but napkins are used for dabbing, not wiping," Saul said, and Elsa very nearly threw her napkin at his face. "Next course is the main course."\
Steak and potatoes. Elsa felt her mouth water at the sight, steam curling up invitingly the moment the dome was lifted and revealing sizzling meat. After a whole night of being tantalized with food, this was almost sinfully tempting.\
"Fork in your left, knife in your right," Saul said. "Fork to secure the meat, and knife to cut. Start from the edge and continue to round the corners. And remember, small, bite-sized pieces."\
Elsa dove in, fully intending to hack into the meat with gusto before remembering her manners. Refusing to have this taken from her, she cut into the meat slowly, ignoring Saul's amused glance in her direction. He was just trying to break her concentration. Success! A small, bite-sized piece. She preferred to use her right hand to eat, though. Would it be too risky? But if she used her left, she might smack herself in the face with the steak\'85\
Elsa grit her teeth and put down the knife, preparing to switch hands, when\'85\
"Elsa," Saul sighed. She froze. "Don't put the knife on the table. And you're supposed to hold onto it, at any rate, so forgive me again\'97"\
"I thought you said this was going to be fun!" Elsa stood up, feeling tears prickle in her eyes. Angry tears, she told herself, but if she were honest she felt betrayed. All this time, Saul had done nothing but make fun of her. She wiped the tears away on her sleeve, but it was too late to stop them from spilling down her cheeks.\
"I-I'm sorry, I didn't mean to \'97 Elsa!"\
Elsa ran.\
She hardly knew where she was going, but she just wanted to be away. She missed her normal, common life, or at least the one she had before her powers had manifested themselves. She missed not having to follow stuffy rules and be someone she was not. She missed \'97 her parents \'97 before \'97 everything had gone so wrong, so horribly wrong \'97 
\i but had they really when did they exactly how \'97
\i0 \
"Elsa! Wait!"\
Elsa looked back and saw through tear-filled eyes that Saul was sprinting towards her, all semblance of his composure gone. He looked quite panicked. By the time he caught up, he was huffing and wheezing and red-faced, and only then did Elsa notice she had traveled quite a bit farther than she imagined. Ice from beneath her feet had launched her along.\
"I-I'm really sorry," Saul gasped.\
"Well, you should be," Elsa sniffled.\
"I am! I was just playing, I didn't mean to \'97 I mean, I thought it would be a bit of a prank, I would never really take away your food, and, and\'97"\
Elsa couldn't help giggling at the sight of Saul being so flustered. He was always so prim and proper and everything she thought she would never be. Seeing him act like her was\'85refreshing.\
"I'm really sorry," Saul said again, and Elsa knew he meant it because he wasn't saying 
\i I apologize 
\i0 or any of those variants. He wasn't apologizing because that was the correct thing to do. He was 
\i sorry
\i0 .\
"Fine, I forgive you," Elsa said, reluctant smile making it difficult to keep her tone rightfully irritated. "As long as we go and eat now."\
Saul smiled weakly. "When you left, you sort of\'85froze everything. I don't think any of that is edible anymore."\
"\'85Oh."\
"But I saved you this!" Saul reached into his pocket and withdrew a packet wrapped by a length of twine, looking rather uncertain before handing it to her and looking around guiltily.\
Elsa unraveled it, half-bemused and the other half just plain hungry. Before she even finished, a familiar aroma rose from the packaging. She froze and gave Saul an incredulous glance.\
"Open it!" Saul said.\
She wasted no more time and all but ripped it apart, slumping onto the floor with dozens of chocolates. Each one was different, some of them truffles, some of them pralines, others fruit dipped in chocolate\'85\
"I thought we weren't allowed!" Elsa whispered.\
"Just\'85don't tell anyone." Saul shrugged, actually 
\i shrugged, 
\i0 and Elsa laughed. She hid it behind her hand and it turned into a rather undignified snort, but Saul was too panicked about his horrendous rule-breaking to even comment. "I just hope you like it."\
"I do!" Elsa grabbed one and shoved it in her mouth, crunching through the layer of chocolate and biting into a deliciously fresh strawberry. "This is really good," Elsa mumbled around a mouthful. She swallowed. "Do you want some?"\
"I-I really shouldn't," Saul said. Markus never let them have sweets, but Elsa waved one around and Saul eventually gave in to curiosity. Once he bit into the truffle, his lips turned into an 
\i o
\i0  of delight.\
"Wait!" Elsa said. "Etiquette!"\
"Finger-food."\
}