{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ACaslonPro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red61\green39\blue20;\red109\green109\blue109;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8600\viewh8600\viewkind0
\deftab720
{\*\background {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbymargin\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 14479094}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}}}}
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs34 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tempest\
Author: kaiserklee\
https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9972423/Tempest\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 1: Tempest
\b0 \
Word was the war lasted less than a day.\
But who used to be Princess Anna of the nation once known as Arendelle knew better. When Queen Elsa of the Southern Isles declared war, Arendelle had not fallen in less than a day, but less than hours. Nobody could have seen it coming, not when Arendelle and the Southern Isles had such good relations for all these years; but even so, Arendelle was more than prepared for invasion. Flatly refusing the terms of surrender, Arendelle readied itself for war. Whatever earthly force dared to strike at Arendelle would be met by one of the strongest navies and one of the most united nations in the world.\
Whatever 
\i earthly 
\i0 force.\
Anna had been there to witness it, an innocuous lone battleship sailing in from the south that brought with it an unstoppable tempest of destruction.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "What 
\i is 
\i0 that?" Anna asked.\
Beside her, the King had no answer.\
From the top of Arendelle Castle, Anna peered through a spyglass and saw an opaque ship sailing across the seas 
\i with no sail
\i0 . That was the first thing to catch her attention, because as she watched in open-mouthed disbelief, the battleship surged across the waves completely unaided. It looked as though the ship propelled itself through sheer force of will, and only when Anna got over the impossibility of its movement did she notice the ship's beauty.\
"It's made out of ice," Anna breathed.\
And again she had to marvel at the impossible feat, because the sun beat down with summer heat and the coastal waters were warm, much too warm for ice. How could an entire ship be made out of ice? Completely flawless ice, with no veins or air bubbles or debris of any kind to mar the transparent blue surface glittering like diamonds as it refracted the light. Ridges and crests formed what was indeed a battleship: stern, bow, masts, and then as if to further pronounce the ethereality, the ship stopped and sails of ice appeared to finish the ensemble.\
"Someone is coming," the King said. Both he and Anna looked on with breathless anticipation, confused and anxious about this unexpected turn of events.\
A single woman stepped out to the bow, dressed nothing like any warrior or herald. Anna herself had been outfitted in armor, unfitting though it felt on her lanky form, mostly to inspire the citizens of Arendelle; but even in her most regal dresses she felt inadequate compared to the stranger. Platinum blonde hair and white skin Anna could only dream of, a porcelain complexion as though she had never once seen the light of day. Her dress oddly resembled the ship, light blue and slightly transparent, and the long end trailing behind her melded into the ship in a way suggesting more than color similarity.\
"That's Queen Elsa," the King said, sounding more frightened than Anna had ever heard from her normally steadfast father.\
"But still," Anna muttered, unnerved by the strange sight and not knowing why, half trying to convince herself that all was still well, "What is one weird person going to do, right?"\
She found out when Queen Elsa raised her arms to the sky and summoned death.\
Though the king immediately sounded for the alarms, nothing could be done to stop the immediate glacial snowstorm that struck. Out of a clear blue sky erupted a mixture of hail and snow that blocked out the sun itself, ice shards all shaped like miniature spears and falling with unnatural speed as though launched down. Frost spread from the bottom of the mysterious battleship to cover the fjord, freezing over the water in mid-wave and leaving a rutted field of ice.\
"Kill the sorceress!"\
At the king's command, archers fired from the castle walls and trebuchets launched entire boulders at the woman, but she remained standing calmly with arms outstretched. A great wave of ice spiked up out of the ground and neatly caught every single arrow, resisted the impact of dozens of boulders, all without leaving a scratch. As soon as the barrage ended, the wall fell. Anna could catch a small pull at the corner of Elsa's lips.\

\i She 
\i0 wants 
\i to see this, 
\i0 Anna realized. That was the only reason the wall fell. Elsa wanted to watch the fall of Arendelle with her own eyes.\
Ice rained down from the heavens and impaled a thousand men, like holy judgment from the Queen watching from her seat of glory.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 With its entire navy frozen uselessly in the banks and its army decimated by ice that could not be guarded against, Arendelle offered unconditional surrender.\
Queen Elsa did not accept.\
An army of snow creatures stormed Arendelle and Queen Elsa very calmly walked unhindered to the castle gates, froze through them until they were brittle and waved them aside with a gust of icy wind, and strolled in to meet the royal family.\
"There will be no surrender," Elsa said, again very calmly, as though stating simple fact while she sat on the throne and the King of Arendelle kneeled on the floor with a blade of ice hovering over his throat. "Surrender means negotiation. There will be no negotiation. Only my terms will be heard."\
"Then what do you want, Elsa?"\
"Absolute fealty," Elsa said. The King moved to speak, and the ice moved closer as he tried to straighten himself. He flinched back, silenced. "I will have complete sovereignty, though you may keep your throne as my vassal. You will complete demilitarization within a month. You will pay us tribute every year, the amount of which I may dictate at will. You may conduct trade only with the Southern Isles, in both import and export. And\'97"\
"That's ridiculous!"\
Despite the King's protest, Anna sprang to her feet from where she kneeled beside him. There had been nothing hindering her, likely because Elsa thought her no threat; but as Anna stood, she saw a battalion of those strange snow beasts begin to converge around her. She only raised her head towards Elsa with a straight back, uncaring of the danger, and Elsa waved a hand. The creatures subsided.\
"You may speak your mind," Elsa murmured.\
"What you're demanding is completely unfair," Anna said, taking a step closer to her 
\i father's throne
\i0 , which Elsa had no right to be seated on.\
"Anna, please, stop before you're hurt\'97"\
Elsa glared down, gaze frigid, and the temperature in the throne room dropped until frost coated the windows. The King silenced once more, and only then did the temperature ease back. Not 
\i comfortable
\i0 , but tolerably cold as long as one wore enough winter clothing. Anna did not.\
"Continue," Elsa said.\
Anna pursed her lips, unafraid. "First of all, my pappa isn't going to be your 
\i vassal 
\i0 when this is 
\i our 
\i0 kingdom\'97"\
"A conquered kingdom," Elsa corrected, throwing a quick glance over to the defeated King. He looked completely resigned to his fate, but he had also given up on persuading Anna.\
"Well, how are we going to defend ourselves if another person like 
\i you 
\i0 comes along and we don't have any military?" Anna neglected to mention just how very effective their military had been.\
Elsa nodded. "I offer you protection in return for your loyalty."\
Anna wasn't appeased. If anything, she only grew angrier. "Trade, then! How are we supposed to survive just trading with you? And we can't give you tribute, not after what you did\'97"\
"I will, of course, unfreeze your fields and the fjord," Elsa said. "Your domestic economic activity will remain untouched. I will also offer you proper compensation. I would not have Arendelle starve."\
"You don't know anything about Arendelle!" Anna cried. "You don't know the people, you don't know our culture, so how are you going to rule? You don't even deserve it!"\
Anna's breathless shout echoed through the throne room, and she heaved with the force of both the shout and her emotions. Angry tears prickled in her eyes. She knew nothing she said would change anything, and any argument she could offer was weak. Anna knew she had never been much of a princess, hardly someone capable of making big decisions and making logical arguments, but she just couldn't accept this without doing anything. How could anyone just barge in like this and take over? What would the people do? Anna wiped the tears from her eyes before they could fall.\
Elsa stared at Anna for long moments, unblinkingly roving her eyes over Anna's features with a completely unreadable expression. When Anna noticed the scrutiny, she stared back into frigid blue eyes that widened slightly at the daring act. Elsa broke eye contact first. At last, she turned away from Anna and back to the King with her lips pulled down into a slight frown. "In that case, I have one more stipulation," Elsa said.\
"Elsa, you've already demanded everything I have to give," the King said wearily.\
"Not everything," Elsa said. As she spoke, the spear of ice pointed at the King dissolved into water to harmlessly soak into the red carpet. "There's just one thing, and if you agree, I can promise Arendelle leniency."\
The King raised his head. "What would that be?"\
Elsa nodded at Anna.\
"I want her."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 2: Cold Winds Blow
\b0 \
Anna took another long sweeping gaze over her bedroom. She would miss this place. Sure, the castle had been a little lonely ever since her father shut the gates; and sure, Anna really only had suits of armor and the paintings to talk to, but she would miss them \'97 the suits and paintings were just right pals.\
"You don't have to do this, Anna," the King said again, for what Anna thought must have been the thousandth time. Well, admittedly she had lost count after the first ten or so, but she probably wasn't even exaggerating much. While he busied himself moving her clothes out of her luggage case, she continued throwing everything she could find in there.\
"I think I kind of do," Anna said. She held up two dresses and swished them back and forth, placing one against her body and looking down with one eye squinted shut. Did white make her look fat? "Which one looks better\'85?"\
"Anna, Elsa has made it clear that you're under no actual obligation to obey," the King said, but even someone as na\'efve as Anna knew herself to be could tell that was a boldfaced lie. As though what Elsa called a 
\i conquered kingdom
\i0  could refuse anything. "You don't have to leave if you don't want to. There's no need for you to\'97"\
"You know what? I'll just take them both," Anna mumbled, and she threw them in a pile into the suitcase. When she heard her father groan, she perked up and grinned. "I'll be fine."\
The King shook his head and grasped Anna's arm just as she prepared to turn back to her overly-large closet. She looked back and for the first time saw clearly the lines of worry creased at the edges of his eyes and mouth. "Anna, 
\i please
\i0 ."\
Anna heard her father's voice shake with desperation, and for a short moment she wavered. Ever since her mother died of illness, Anna was all that the King had left, and he had even closed the castle gates to make sure she would never get hurt; but she also knew this was the only way she could ease his burden. If she wasn't here, he wouldn't have to divide his attention between her and the kingdom, like he had been forced to all his life. If she wasn't here, everyone would be better off. And Elsa 
\i had 
\i0 agreed to be more lenient if Anna left with her. Somehow, Anna trusted she would keep her promise.\
"I'll be fine," Anna said again, gently, and as she laid her hand over her father's she tried to convey everything she couldn't say aloud. You don't have to take care of me anymore. Let me do this for you.\
Slowly, the King nodded. "If that is your wish, I won't stop you."\
Smiling when she saw her father exhale a slow breath, Anna continued packing. All the while, she entertained thoughts of revolution, and triumph, and all those types of dramatic things. "Who knows? Maybe I'll have a chance to, I don't know, find some way to bring them down from the inside\'97"\
"I know you like those types of stories, but please do not follow the example of Joan," the King said crossly. "I only want you to keep yourself safe, and that's all I will ever ask of you."\
"Shouldn't have gotten those paintings, Pappa," Anna said, making what she thought was an imperceptible shrug of her shoulders. No promises. "Good 'ol Joan is my idol
\i .
\i0 "\
"I saw that, Anna."\
"I know," Anna said, laughing, because her father could always tell what she was thinking and she had no misconceptions about that fact; but then her momentary thrill slowly faded and her voice lowered. "You\'85always know me best." The King said nothing in response. Anna stopped packing, hands coming to a halt as she found herself gripping the fabric of her dress so tightly even her knuckles turned white.\
She would miss the suits of armor, she would miss the paintings, but most of all, even if she tried not to think about it, she knew she would miss her father. And all of her bravado couldn't hide that anymore, so Anna finally threw down her things and turned to hug him tightly for one last time.\
"I'll miss you," Anna said, burying her face into his shoulder. All her life her father had been the one constant. "I'll really, really miss you, Pappa."\
All that the King managed to say was a choked, "Take care of yourself, Anna."\
Anna wondered if she really could.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 After a long night of tossing and turning before finally falling into a fitful sleep, Anna had been dragged out of it almost as soon as she started sleeping in the first place. Guards escorted Anna to the docks first thing in the morning, a time which when she was younger she had called 
\i when the sky was awake, 
\i0 or in other words, an ungodly hour for her now.\
Not to say it wasn't pretty seeing the sun rise, orange and purple hues reflected over the calm waters of Arendelle and transforming abstract silhouettes into distinct moored ships.\
It only made Anna waver more in her decision, and for a moment Anna hadn't been sure if she should even continue looking for fear she would abandon her duty. Arendelle was her home, and it always would be. She would give anything to be able to stay here forever. Even the slight rays of light filtering in were beautiful to Anna. On the way here she had kept her eyes wide open, trying to take in the view of the city bathed in light, trying to forever engrave it into her memory as though she could drink her fill of it before leaving forever.\
She couldn't.\
Being handed off like some sort of stock good, Anna found herself pushed towards a lightly armored man standing in front of a frigate with the ramp down. He took one look at the bag in her hand and, with an ugly sneer, reached out to snatch it.\
"Hey! Give that back!" Anna tugged hard on her suitcase trying to get it back, but the smelly, bearded soldier pulled harder than she ever could with her spindly arms. Before she knew it, all of her carefully assembled (hastily thrown together) luggage had been tossed into the newly unfrozen fjord. She turned to him in accusation, but she had no authority anymore the one time she ever tried to exercise it.\
"You really think this is some sort of vacation?" Already beady eyes narrowed further, and Anna deemed him Piggy in her head.\
"Your Queen Elsa said that I could bring anything I required," Anna huffed. She watched as her suitcase slowly sank to the depths of the fjord, taking all of her worldly possessions with it. Her last comfort had been taken from her. Anna took a deep breath and willed herself to move on. She couldn't let herself be beaten here. She had to get through this.\
Piggy's hoarse laugh brought her back to the unfortunately uglier present, but at least it snapped her out of her growing anxiety. "Elsa? Elsa is only Regent, not Queen." Anna grimaced as a speckle of spit landed on her cheek. She discretely wiped it away while he laughed again.\
"Is there even a difference?" Anna asked, hardly believing the complete, practically tangible disrespect she heard. Everyone in Arendelle certainly feared Elsa, but 
\i Piggy 
\i0 of all people could speak like this? Come on, he looked like he had the brains of a rock.\
"Much," Piggy said. Before Anna could say more, he jabbed her with the blunt end of his spear, nearly sending her careening off the docks and into the water. "Now enough talk. Get on the ship."\
Anna looked up at the looming frigate, and then a distance away to the glittering ice-ship looking even more beautiful with the light of sunrise dancing off its surface. Strangely enough, it looked different, shrunken down and less imposing, but Anna thought it only looked better that way. Less imperious and more like the work of art it really was. But, Anna realized with a sour feeling, the 
\i artist 
\i0 was\'85\
"Not on that one?" Anna still couldn't help asking.\
Piggy scowled. "Only Elsa rides that one, and she wouldn't let anyone else on her cursed ship even if there was someone stupid enough to get on it. Now get moving."\
Another sharp smack to her back, and Anna bit her lip to stop herself from groaning. It really hurt, especially for someone as pampered as she had been up until now. She could feel the bruises forming already on her delicate skin, but she still turned to give Piggy a dark glare before all but sprinting up the ramp and onto the frigate.\
It was rather busy, Anna thought, and she watched as teams of men scrambled around getting supplies ready for the voyage. Where the ships even came from and what exactly they were doing she had no idea, since Elsa had pretty much singlehandedly won the war anyway. Anna looked on at the utter pandemonium of workmen operating cranes to pull crates of something up onto the frigate, and then others lugging the crates around, resembling for all the world a sweatshop of some sort.\
As Anna watched, a pulley a good distance away screeched loudly; something had jammed in the lever, and the blond boy operating it didn't react quickly enough. The crate still hanging too high up fell out and slammed onto the ship. With a loud snap it split apart to spill its contents, and Anna began to rush forward with a cry. Those were all sorts of necessities, lumber and clothing and food, and Anna could recognize the designs. All of it was from Arendelle. The people needed those for the coming winter!\
"Get away," Piggy said, and he smacked her again on the back of her knee before she could get close. Her leg collapsed under her and she fell to the floor, hitting her jaw hard on the deck, but she could barely feel the pain over her indignation.\
Pure fury fueled Anna to ignore the sharp sting and even common sense telling her to avoid being hit again. She sprang to her feet and whirled around to demand, "What's this all about?"\
"What do you think? Tribute that Arendelle owes us," Piggy said, and Anna took another hurried look around. Every ship banked in the harbor was being filled to the brim. All of this was tribute? But Elsa had said\'85\
Even if she weren't stunned to speechlessness, Anna didn't have a chance to protest being cheated. Piggy dragged her along the deck, harsh grip leaving red finger-shaped marks on her upper arm. Probably to shove her into the hold or something with the cargo, but then they passed the same pulley that had malfunctioned earlier. Just as Anna walked by, the blond boy let out a grunt of surprise when another crate fell from too high. Thankfully, this one didn't break.\
Piggy turned, practically frothing at the lips. "Use some sense, boy! How many are you going to break before you learn?" Anna very almost felt sorry for the boy until she remembered he was from the Southern Isles too. She promptly turned her nose up at him.\
And then continued looking out the corner of her eye.\
"Sorry," Blondie said, still wearing a cheeky grin as he apologized and actually throwing a thumbs up. As an afterthought he added, "Commander."\
Anna couldn't help but laugh even with her mood. Despite herself, she found Blondie's grin to be infectious, and Piggy turned on her next when he heard her stifling a snicker. "Since you're here, you may as well help clean up this mess." And turning on his heel, Piggy strutted away.\
"That's rough," Blondie said, and Anna looked down at the crate of 
\i tribute
\i0 . Awkward, the heaviest thing she had ever had to lift was maybe a chair to climb up the pantries and get chocolate.\
"Whatever," Anna grumbled. She squatted down on one end, put her arms around the box, and strained as hard as she could to lift the damn thing like a valiant knight.\
"You look like a troll trying to pass a kidney stone," Blondie said. It was maybe the first thing Anna had heard all day that wasn't spoken with actual malice.\
Anna took a deep breath. "So how about giving me a hand, Blondie?"\
"It's Kristoff." Blondie, or 
\i Kristoff
\i0 , finally deigned to pick up the other end and together they heaved the massive thing up. Mostly on Kristoff's end, but Anna put in her best work.\
Slowly making their way over to the hold, Anna couldn't help a jibe. "So Piggy is a Commander? That's actually pretty sad."\
"Piggy?" Kristoff laughed so hard he nearly dropped the crate, and Anna shot him a glare while desperately trying to keep her balance. Kristoff just shrugged it off. "Yeah, Andersen's more bark than he is bite. Or more snort than he is bite, I guess." He grinned weakly, his way of offering a truce.\
Anna grinned back, feeling some of the tension of the day be relieved just seeing a friendly face. "You're not too bad."\
"Oh. Uhh, thanks." Kristoff scratched the back of his neck. "Not every day I get complimented by royalty. Uhh, Princess Anna. Err, Your Highness?"\
"I don't think that really applies anymore, does it?" Anna nodded at the crate being carried between them, and then she very nearly slipped over a puddle on the deck. She steadied herself out while Kristoff looked like his eyes were about to bug out carrying the crate on his own. "Whoops, sorry."\
Stumbling over a few more stations, they finally lugged the crate down the stairs of the hatch and into the hold, a dark, damp place dripping with fetid water and stinking of 
\i something
\i0 . Anna wrinkled her nose at the smell, but it didn't help in the slightest.\
"Rats," Kristoff said, snickering when Anna flinched.\
"You're kidding."\
"Nope. Just a few, but every ship has them."\
When Kristoff sat down on one of the barrels lined up against the side, Anna hesitantly joined him. No rats so far, but up above there were certainly more than a few. Kristoff sat oddly passive and quiet, and for a long minute neither of them spoke. Anna poked at the single oil lamp hanging around, sending it swaying back and forth and casting a moving strobe light over the darkness.\
"I've learned the trick," Kristoff said. "You can laze around here for about three minutes before you're considered lingering here too long." His tone darkened enough for Anna to tell he had learned through painful experience.\
"You've been doing this long?" Anna asked quietly, steadying the lamp so its creaking abated.\
Kristoff shrugged and scuffed the floor with his boot, scraping away a good section of grime that Anna vaguely thought might be sentient because it moved with life of its own. With a sigh, Kristoff flicked it off with a shake of his foot. "Not really, I work at the castle stables usually. Stable-boy, you know."\
"Oh, so you must know a lot about horses."\
"Not\'85necessarily." Kristoff smiled wryly when Anna frowned. "You'll see. I guess since a few years ago, no one really knows about the Southern Isles, huh?"\
Years ago, the Southern Isles, originally open to any visitor, suddenly closed off its ports and surrounded the entire island with its navy so no one could get close. Strange, but neither the King of Arendelle nor anyone at all thought much of their isolation. They weren't attacking anyone, and the Southern Isles still maintained regular communication. Anna supposed it must have been something to do with Elsa.\
"Elsa," Anna grumbled.\
"You sound pretty upset," Kristoff said.\
"Upset?" Anna stood and glowered, feeling all of her aggravation build up so strongly it lodged in her chest. "She cheated Arendelle! All that about being lenient if I left with her \'97 which, by the way, I think makes no sense at all \'97 and then all of this is still being taken?" She kicked at the barrel Kristoff sat on.\
Kristoff steadied it and held his hands out. "Easy there, Your Highness. Oh, we should probably be making our way up too." As he led the way and Anna reluctantly followed, he continued speaking. "I'm just going to be totally honest, it could have been way worse."\
"What could be worse than this?"\
"From what I can see, no one in Arendelle should starve at least." Anna made a face, but Kristoff was probably right. They had enough to manage even without all this, as long as everybody rationed their supplies a bit. "And\'85at the very least\'85nobody's being chained up and taken away," Kristoff continued. Anna nearly tripped up the stairs. Slavery was still a thing? Kristoff helped her up the hatch and cleared his throat, some unrecognizable emotion in his eyes. "I mean, except for you, but you know."\
"Thanks for making me feel better," Anna said. "Now I only want to drown myself."\
"Not a problem." Walking back to the crane, they prepared another shipment. Anna absentmindedly pulled at the ropes with her eyes downcast, lost in her thoughts until Kristoff nudged her and she realized she was actually pulling at air while Kristoff did all the work. "Hey, look over there."\
"What can be so impor\'97"\
Anna followed the direction of Kristoff's finger and immediately quieted. Queen Elsa stepped out from her ice-ship to stand at the bow, overshadowing even the majestic vessel with her beauty. As much as she hated to admit it, Anna felt her breath hitch in her chest at the picture of perfection. Without the windstorms and blizzards surrounding her, without the evidence of her power reminding Anna how dangerous she really was, Elsa just looked unhappy. Regal and poised and elegant, but unhappy.\
As though sensing Anna's gaze on her, Elsa turned to the side and looked right at her. Anna immediately looked down, but when she worked up the courage to glance back up again a moment later, she saw Elsa looking like she was 
\i maybe 
\i0 smiling just a bit, the corner of her lips twitched up a miniscule amount. Before Anna could look again and check to see she wasn't having some sort of storage-stink induced dream, Elsa turned and went back into her ship.\
"Wait, it's made out of ice. Are there 
\i rooms
\i0 ?"\
Kristoff opened his mouth to speak, but then stalled with jaw agape. His eyebrows furrowed. "That's actually a good question\'85but maybe for later. We better get back to work."\
He looked over the opposite end of the ship, and Anna watched with horror as overseers whipped a couple of the workers, dragging long bleeding grooves down their backs and never once letting up even when they hastened their work. Then she realized they must have been the slaves Kristoff had mentioned, the prisoners of war being forced to work here up on deck\'85\
And then Anna looked at the suddenly grim-faced Kristoff, and understood just how he even knew about that fate so well, so personally. Kristoff\'85wasn't from the Southern Isles after all. Pity welled from her heart, but she had no words of comfort for him, could do nothing but look away.\
She couldn't even take care of herself right now.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 In Anna's own opinion, she had never been spoiled; but no matter what, she was still a princess and hardly accustomed to manual labor. It had been fine with Kristoff helping her out, but then Piggy \'97 
\i Andersen 
\i0 \'97 decided to torment her some more by throwing her in with some other much nastier people. No one really expected Anna to be 
\i able 
\i0 to do much, but they certainly had fun making her 
\i try
\i0 .\
Whatever optimism Anna could dredge up from her brief rapport with Kristoff didn't last long when she was made to haul supplies like a mule, hands unused to work pulling coarse rope that bit into her skin until it was chafed red and raw. Anna never once complained.\
She wasn't about to give these people the satisfaction.\
It was only a few short hours, but for Anna it felt like an eternity. Her only comfort was that it was too early for any of the citizens of Arendelle to see her. Not for her pride's sake. She worried what it would do to them to see their princess being forced to work like this. Blood dripped out of a cut on her hand and bruises marred the back of her legs where Andersen had struck her, and she was pretty sure she was suffering from dehydration, but Anna forged on.\
Optimism was one of her few strengths.\
Until they decided to throw her into the hold and lock her up in a cell.\
"Hey! You can't just\'97"\
Anna's protests fell on deaf ears when the hatch slammed shut and she was left alone in the darkness, trapped in what amounted to a cage with the key thrown away. Only the lone lamp she had played with earlier provided any sort of illumination, and it was a weak, flickering thing at best. Anna still thought it might have been for the best. If any brighter, she would be able to see the grime on the floor. She could barely tolerate feeling it sticking onto her as it was, the filthy, oily muck seeming to seep into her very skin.\
It only got worse when the ship started moving. Anna tried hard not to get seasick, but no amount of mental willpower would strengthen her stomach against the rolling waves. Locked in the darkness without even fresh air, Anna really thought she might vomit any moment. And then she realized one thing that made even her heart plummet.\
She hadn't even been allowed to take one last look at Arendelle before being separated from her home.\
"How long am I going to be here?" Anna muttered to herself.\
She hadn't been expecting an answer.\
A high-pitched chitter made Anna snap to attention. In the corner of her cell, she vaguely saw a pair of eyes glittering, followed by another, and another. Rats. Her breathing sped up as she tried to suppress the growing surge of panic, but looking away only made her see the bars trapping her in and the claustrophobia made everything worse.\
Anna moved to put some distance between her and the rodents, but she tripped as pressure strained against her ankles. She had forgotten. They'd put shackles on her. The rattling only made the rats start to hiss, and Anna hurried over to the bars while the sound echoed in her ears.\
"Let me out!" Anna screamed, hitting the cage as hard as she could, but it barely made a sound in the hold, let alone up to and through the hatch where anyone would hear her. "Let me out\'85please\'85"\
She finally, finally let her tears fall as she retreated to the corner, sitting with her legs tucked in and arms wrapped around herself as the cold set in.\

\i I want to go home.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 3: Frost-Fires Kindle
\b0 \
"Get moving."\
Anna weakly stumbled out of her cell, ankles scraped raw once released from the confines of shackles and barely managing to support her weight. Not just her ankles. Her entire body felt weak and feverish from the grueling travel: hands shaking with a tremor from sleep deprivation, skin pale and bloodless from lack of sunlight. Anna didn't even know how long she had been trapped down in the dungeon of the cargo hold, not when the only light to peek through was from the edges of the hatch and her meals came at irregular times.\
She had refused to eat at first, not having the appetite or the inclination to accept anything from her jailers. That hadn't lasted long. Hunger eventually drove Anna to try the tray of bread and water dumped in the corner, and it was nothing like anything she had ever tasted. The bread was coarse and stale, nearly unpalatable, and she could barely choke it down. The water was sour and brackish, disgustingly warm to the tongue. Anna supposed she should have been grateful to have anything to eat at all. Starving to death was probably one of the worst ways to go.\
That and being blinded to death. Ordered out without a moment to acclimatize, Anna could only squint at the sudden onslaught of light, instinctively raising a hand to block her eyes from the glare. One step outside, and she was struck by dizziness so strong she thought she might fall.\
A strong hand took her arm, and Anna gratefully steadied herself with several long, deep breaths of frigid air. It burned in her lungs, but even so it helped. When she turned to her helper, she saw Kristoff smiling encouragingly. "Careful," Kristoff said, helping her take a few more wobbly steps. "Just look down for now, and I'll guide you."\
"Thanks," Anna murmured, not quite able to dredge up the strength to speak louder.\
Taking Kristoff's advice, Anna kept her eyes half-closed and stared at the ship deck when she walked. Slowly the searing light dimmed and the black spots left her vision, making her a little more confident if still exhausted. Anna tried lifting her head again, still squinting, but this time she saw her surroundings clearly and the incredulity of it forced her eyes wide open.\
It was the midst of summer, but the Southern Isles was entirely covered in snow. Anna swiveled around, trying to look for anything 
\i green
\i0  in the barren fields of frozen, leafless trees. All she saw was white and gray under the harsh glare of the sun, a mind-boggling dichotomy of summer and winter. No wonder the sunlight had been so harsh, summer light reflecting off winter snow. All the waters, too, had chunks of ice drifting in the currents, and Anna finally noticed how the ships had been designed as icebreakers.\
Anna wasn't quite sure how she had missed it before but it was 
\i still 
\i0 snowing, and hard, painfully strong gales whipping a mixture of snowflakes and hail about. When the freezing winds cut into her skin, each time it felt like an actual physical blow knocking out her breath.\
"When you said no one knew what happened to the Southern Isles\'85"\
"That's what I meant," Kristoff finished, cupping his hands to his mouth and then rubbing them together. "It's always like this here, a grand total of four seasons: first winter, second winter, third winter, and then my personal favorite, more winter."\
Anna had been too shocked to immediately feel the cold, but now the chill began to seep into her bones and she realized she was still dressed for an Arendelle summer. "Did Elsa do this?" Anna muttered. She followed the procession getting off the ship, rubbing her bared arms to keep warm, but it did little to ward off the absolute cold.\
"Who else, right?" Kristoff must have noticed her futile efforts, because he set his hat on her head. Anna gave him a grateful smile as he added, "It's been like this ever since I got here, but from what I hear, the Southern Isles has been frozen for more than ten years. And if you think this is cold, wait until you get to the castle."\
Anna was just about to respond when Andersen ambushed them mid-route, appropriately dressed in skins and furs unlike everyone else there suffering the cold. Even then, his teeth were chattering and his cheeks were flushed from the icy wind. "Boy! Take the girl to the castle, and quickly. Remember to bring her to Elsa's wing! Bother no one else with her presence. Understood?"\
"I understood the first time you told me," Kristoff said, earning a lash on the arm from Andersen's ever trusty whip, but he seemed too preoccupied to linger and dole out more punishment. After one last huff, he left to direct the other workmen in unloading.\
Kristoff walked down the ship ramp first, helping Anna down the already slickening steps covered with the beginnings of frost. Together, they made their way past the frozen docks. Anna was faintly amused to see a sleigh waiting for them on the snow, pulled by a reindeer which looked oddly friendly, if that were even possible.\
"You weren't kidding when you said there weren't necessarily horses," Anna said, climbing up onto the sleigh and shuffling closer to the lamp affixed to its side.\
"Reindeer beat horses any day on snow. Isn't that right, Sven?" Kristoff grinned when the reindeer bobbed its head happily, and then he joined Anna, taking the reins. With a light tap, Sven began moving.\
"We're going to the castle now, right?" Anna asked. Kristoff nodded, and she added, "So when you told Andersen you understood the 
\i first 
\i0 time\'85"\
"I 
\i am 
\i0 under orders to take care of you for now," Kristoff admitted. "But it's not like I wasn't worried when you were in the hold! I mean, I'm serious, I tried to bust in a few times but I got caught, and\'97"\
Anna immediately checked him over. "Are you okay?"\
"Yeah, nothing serious." Kristoff shrugged. "I hate to say it, but I usually get special treatment because I'm good with the reindeer and they need me if anything happens. Sven is my favorite though." As though understanding, Sven whinnied in acknowledgment.\
They fell silent for the rest of the ride and Anna focused on retaining as much body heat as possible, curling up next to the lamp and rubbing her hands together. She winced when some of her wounds reopened, but disgusting as it was, the warm blood actually helped. Looking around, Anna again saw the frozen trees she observed from the ship; but up close, she could see how truly 
\i dead 
\i0 they were. Even the bark was gray, and what should have been thick trunks had been shrunken down into little more than twigs. Ice coated the bare branches, and Anna didn't see a single bird or squirrel anywhere.\
Once they passed the outer gates, they entered the Southern Isles castle town. All the families here must have been forced to rebuild their homes, Anna realized. Snow never fell in the Southern Isles 
\i naturally
\i0 , but all the houses she could see had been designed with slanted roofs so the snow would slide off. Even then, the massive quantity of snow left thick sheets of frost over the slick slate tiling. Windows were all closed and even barred, probably to fend against the violent wind.\
And the streets were dead. Almost nobody roamed outside, and Anna couldn't blame them for wanting to escape the cold. The few people outside moved quickly and purposefully; but though they tilted their head down, Anna could see the displeasure written plain on their face. Nobody here was happy.\
"We're here," Kristoff said, and Anna tore her gaze away from the villagers.\
The inner castle gates opened of their own accord.\
Kristoff drove the sleigh in, and Anna saw the castle for the first time.\
An entire palace of ice was Anna's first disbelieving thought, but when she looked closer she saw the stone foundations lying behind a thin layer of protective ice, sapphire blue rather than transparent and so largely hiding the gray exterior. The original castle had been enfolded in ice and then, Anna thought, 
\i perfected. 
\i0 Magic sparkled on every surface, like a thin layer of diamonds. Spires, made purely of ice, reached toward the sky and cast an ethereal aurora of green and blue and purple on all the castle.\
"It's beautiful," Anna breathed, forgetting for a moment her animosity towards all things of the Southern Isles and of Elsa. It was beautiful, hauntingly beautiful, but Anna couldn't help but think\'85\
It felt so lonely.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "You've returned at last. I trust all went well?"\
Elsa swept into the red-carpeted throne room with nary a glance at the Thirteenth Prince Hans. As she moved, the lit braziers lining both sides of the hall went out, one by one, extinguishing the mild reprieve they gave from her eternal winter. Elsa walked right past Hans to ascend the six steps at the far end of the hall and seat herself on her throne of ice. Only then did she finally deign to give him her attention, and from the raised dais she stared down at the nonplussed prince still smiling with perfect grace.\
It was a subtle game of control they played. Hans made a show of bowing with his hand placed over his heart, the perfect picture of humility. It was not precisely feigned, but at the same time it was a gesture he granted and not one she took.\
Elsa chose not to speak.\
Hans didn't bat an eye at the slight, answering his own question so there would be no uncomfortable silence. "But of course, with Queen Regent Elsa personally venturing forth to smite our enemies, the Southern Isles cannot fail. Arendelle never stood a chance."\
"Where are the others?" Elsa asked.\
"Gustaf and Cyrus are participating in their usual pastime of chess, with Fabian presiding. Tobias is at his studies, and Alek and Alvard are hard at work in the training grounds. Stefan has locked himself in his room with his art, and Rafael, likewise, except with his music. I believe Saul to be working on new ship designs, and he's recruited Reid and Oliver. And Edmund\'85" Hans sighed as though greatly disappointed. "Well, Edmund is at the stables as usual, and I've had little luck convincing him otherwise."\
Thirteen brothers Elsa had to watch over, but none of them were as elusive as the last. All the rest, Elsa could understand: some were pleased to hand over all responsibility to her, others were simply uncaring, and most were displeased that ruling power had been given to one not even of their blood. But Hans, Elsa couldn't read; Hans alone directly offered her allegiance, and so he often reported on the activities of the others. What Elsa really wanted was a report of 
\i his. 
\i0 \
"And you, Hans? I trust you've been well?" Elsa asked. 
\i What have you been plotting behind my back? What schemes have you come up with now? What new troubles have you caused?
\i0 \
"As well as I could be," Hans said, but his eyes narrowed and his smile darkened. "And you, My Queen? I've heard of some interesting developments that took place in Arendelle."\
Judging by the glint in his eye, Hans already knew exactly what had happened. Elsa didn't know where he got his information, but she didn't bother cutting corners. "Princess Anna of Arendelle is to be our guest, and I will not have her disturbed."\
"And you think Father will approve?"\
"I will personally explain everything to Markus," Elsa said, tone brokering no argument. Frost began to collect on the carpet tassels, but Hans had never paid her warnings heed.\
"Of course, as you are the only one to ever have 
\i contact
\i0  with him since the day you arrived," Hans said, voice like silk and cream, deliberately placing such a miniscule teasing lilt on 
\i contact 
\i0 that Elsa could not punish him; and yet the inappropriate implications were clear.\
"It does not surprise me, then, that you are so desperate for affection," Elsa said quietly. Hans froze, and Elsa added, "But then, being the youngest, I expect you were coddled anyway." Blatantly untrue.\
It was always like this between them, amity and enmity balancing on a knife's edge, and the tiniest thing could tip the scales one way or another. But Hans would never risk open confrontation, so it was not a great surprise to Elsa when he changed the subject as though the entire exchange had never occurred, as though he had not implied her promiscuity and she had not jibed at his neglect.\
Hans was the picture-perfect prince once more as he smiled and said, "Well, perhaps not 
\i coddled
\i0 , but certainly comfortable. In other news, the situation in Corona\'85"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 After being dropped off by Kristoff \'97 who had needed to get back to the stables \'97 Anna walked past several oddly outsized mounds of snow and then through the apparently unguarded grand doors, originally mahogany but now frozen over with a thin layer of blue ice. Even inside it was cold, but Anna was beginning to feel strangely hot anyway. Her first impression was that the inside of the palace was surprisingly similar to her own castle in Arendelle, furnished suits of armor and paintings of old people who Anna didn't recognize but assumed were the past rulers of the Southern Isles.\
Three halls branched from the circular space where she stood, one on each side and one straight ahead, and built into the wall was a spiraling staircase of pale wood leading upstairs. Anna didn't have a chance to explore even if she had the inclination to, because a servant had immediately whisked her off down the right hall and up a different set of stairs to where she was told was Elsa's wing of the castle.\
Anna thought she would have known even without being told, because as soon as she passed through yet another grand door, it felt rather like passing through the threshold to a different world. She never knew 
\i ice 
\i0 could have a smell, but here she could smell a crisp, chill freshness in the air, just the tiniest bit dryer than anywhere else but immediately noticeable.\
Well, the wonder had faded a little when she was left alone and very rudely told to just 
\i wait
\i0 .\
More than an hour later sitting in the almost bare waiting hall, Anna started to think Elsa brought her here just to play mind games. And strangely, despite the ever-present chill that Anna knew was there, she had stopped feeling cold, maybe had done so for a longer time than she even realized. She felt hot, too hot, and she felt herself sweating at the back of her neck. Her mouth felt dry and her lips were chapped, and before too long she felt her throat tighten uncomfortably.\
"Queen Regent Elsa requests your presence at the dining hall."\
And so Anna let herself be dragged off yet again through a set of doors and then unceremoniously pushed into the dining hall.\
Elsa was already seated there at the ridiculously long table, and once again Anna found herself struck by her beauty. An intricately carved candle holder in the middle of the table was probably more to provide light than any sort of romantic atmosphere, but the way the flickering lights illuminated Elsa's pale skin made Anna stop to stare.\
Until Elsa took one look at her and frowned, eyes roving her body from head to toe.\
"What's with that look?" Anna scowled back, and Elsa blinked.\
To Anna's surprise, Elsa stood from her seat and crossed the distance between them in a few quick strides, still obviously scrutinizing her. She was too shocked to resist when Elsa took her hands \'97 Elsa was wearing gloves, Anna noticed, light blue ones reaching up to her elbow and matching her dress in color but not in feel \'97 and examined them too.\
"I am very sorry," Elsa said quietly, and she did nothing when Anna wrenched her hands away. "I hoped you would not be mistreated, but\'85"\
"Yeah, right," Anna snorted.\
"It was an oversight on my part. I assure you it will not happen again while you are here," Elsa said. She walked back to the table and pulled out the chair on the other end from where she sat, and it took Anna a moment to realize Elsa was actually waiting for her to sit down. Knowing it was childish but thinking Elsa might pull the chair out from under her or something, Anna carefully seated herself.\
Lips twitching upwards a little when she saw Anna eyeing her warily, Elsa went back to the other end. Anna stared at her again and Elsa stared back, neither saying a word, and then Anna noticed for the first time how Elsa seemed not to need to breathe. It was weird. Anna actually timed it in her head, and for a full twenty seconds Elsa was as still as unbreathing stone. Until, finally, just like that time in Arendelle, Elsa spoke first and broke the silence.\
"Please, eat." Elsa swept her hand out towards the platters of delicious looking food, but one look and Anna immediately lost any appetite she might have had.\
"You took all this from Arendelle." Anna could recognize those delicacies any day. The Southern Isles wasn't capable of producing any of this.\
"Yes," Elsa said, sounding honestly confused as to why Anna was practically shaking with rage. "I'm sorry, I wasn't sure of your preferences and thought you might enjoy familiar food from home. If you'd prefer, I can have the kitchens prepare something else\'97"\
"No." Scowling and making sure to flout every rule of etiquette Pappa had ever taught her, Anna started eating. Like a true barbarian, she stuffed food in her face and used all the wrong utensils.\
When Anna looked up, she grew even more frustrated to see Elsa just watching her, obviously amused. It was unbelievably annoying to see Elsa with a delicate eyebrow arched upwards as though she just didn't care.\
"What are you looking at?"\
"You," Elsa said unabashedly, taking up a glass of wine and swishing the red liquid around as Anna fumbled for words.\
Anna had to fight to hold back her stammer, but still her voice left shakily and Anna wanted to rip her hair out for sounding so nervous. She 
\i was
\i0 , but that was no reason to sound like a chipmunk. "And what can be so interesting about me anyway?"\
Elsa didn't say anything, only resumed staring.\
Anna thought she should try asking in another way, but she didn't come up with much when she could feel Elsa's gaze so strongly it almost had a physical presence on her skin. Seeing as being a pig didn't seem to disturb Elsa much, Anna slowly chewed through the six potato cubes in her mouth, swallowed, and then muttered, "You're creepy."\
Elsa only apologized, 
\i again
\i0 , and averted her eyes as though embarrassed, and Anna honestly had no idea how to respond. She hadn't been expecting 
\i the 
\i0 Queen Elsa \'97 or Queen Regent, whatever \'97 to be so demure about everything. Remembering how Elsa had ordered her father around back in Arendelle, Anna could barely reconcile that authoritative queen to the quiet person watching her eat right now.\
"Why aren't you eating?" Anna asked, noticing how Elsa really 
\i only 
\i0 watched her eat and never touched her own plate. This food better not have been poisoned.\
"I have no need for it," Elsa said.\
"You mean right now, or ever?" Anna grumbled.\
Elsa made that tiny twitch of her lips and looked away, but she didn't respond. Anna watched as she delicately rearranged her napkin over her lap and began to eat. Or, well, more like cut up her food and never actually put it in her mouth. After a while of puzzling over her strange behavior, Anna decided to forget about it and just continued eating, albeit at a much slower pace. Truth was, after her confinement on the ship the meal was heavenly. She wanted to savor whatever bit of home she could find in this godforsaken place.\
\'85Home.\
"Why did you want me here?" Anna asked, the question having been on her mind since that last day of freedom in Arendelle. What had made Elsa decide to pull her away from her home?\
Elsa was pretending to take an especially long sip of wine, but Anna could see that her throat wasn't even moving; and even before, Elsa had only ever swished the wine around, never drank from it. She was obviously stalling, though Anna didn't know for what. When the silence had stretched on so long it became practically suffocating, Elsa finally put down the glass.\
"You told me that I could not rule without knowing your culture," Elsa said softly. "So I brought you here in the hopes that you could educate me about Arendelle."\
"Wait a minute. That's all?" Anna kept staring when Elsa seemed to hesitate for a moment, and then nodded. Anna couldn't believe it. She had to ask again. "You brought me here so I could tell you about Arendelle." Elsa nodded one more time. Anna swallowed thickly and tried to breathe.\
"Is something wrong\'85?"\
"Of course something is wrong! It's \'97 I don't even \'97 I can't believe you! Something is really wrong with 
\i you
\i0 !" Anna screamed, feeling a surge of heady heat rush to her head when she sprang to her feet, the chair falling backwards to the floor with a thud.\
"I'm sorry, I don't understand\'97"\
"Stop apologizing!" Anna slammed her hands on the table, anger fueling past the pain of her cracked skin, anger only fueled by the reminder of her torment. "You can't even understand why I'm upset? I was forced to leave my friends and my family to tell 
\i you
\i0 ,about 
\i my 
\i0 kingdom, that 
\i you 
\i0 subjugated?"\
It was becoming hard to breathe. The world was spinning and her thoughts were scrambled, flighty, like elusive little lights she couldn't ever hold onto. Anna shook her head to no avail, only earning splitting pain lancing through her temple, and the world spun even more until her stomach churned. She had felt hot before. She was burning now.\
Elsa rushed over just as Anna collapsed in a dead faint.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She really should have noticed earlier, but she herself never succumbed to illness and of course the cold never bothered her in the slightest. Elsa thrived in the cold, 
\i was 
\i0 the cold personified. Elsa never thought about how easily other people might fall victim to wind chill, especially Anna, unused to hardship and already weak and malnourished.\
It was just lucky she wore her gloves as a precaution. Without even thinking, Elsa had caught Anna as she fell. Only after did she realize how dangerous that could have been, how easily she could have killed the girl otherwise. Elsa immediately called servants to bring Anna to her room, and they gingerly took her while doing their absolute best to avoid touching any part of Elsa. Everyone knew it was dangerous to get too close.\
Elsa stayed behind for a little while, opting to look at the wasted meal and give herself a moment to calm down. She couldn't remember the last time she had touched someone.\
And she still needed to report to Markus.\
But not right now. Elsa knew she wouldn't be able to concentrate enough, not when the thought of Anna was still at the forefront of her mind.\
She opened the door to her bedroom and found Anna lying in bed, and though Anna was the one lying ill, Elsa thought she looked more alive than she herself would ever be: skin flushed with color, entire body emanating heat, gasps for air undeniable proof of the heart beating in her chest. Elsa walked closer. Though Anna stirred fitfully, pushing the blankets away and curling inwards, she had no awareness at all.\
Elsa saw the sweat matting Anna's hair to her forehead. Prepared on the nightstand was a towel and bowl of water, and for once Elsa willed her powers to remain dormant as she dipped the towel in. To her relief, the water did not freeze, and nor did the towel become crusted with frost. Elsa pressed it against Anna's forehead, but the girl squirmed uncomfortably until it slipped off.\
So she tried again, with similar results. Every time, Anna would groan unintelligible, desperate whispers, and Elsa became more and more lost.\
"Are you feeling any better?" Elsa asked.\
Anna choked out a weak, "Hot."\
Finally, Elsa lifted her hand, took off her glove, and pressed her bare skin against Anna's forehead.\
Anna calmed and slept through the night.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 4: Black Ice
\b0 \
Anna woke slowly, as though coming out of a comfortable dream still gently holding on. She floated on the edge of consciousness at first, barely even recognizing she was awake, but bit by bit her senses returned to her and she realized just how well-rested she felt. With her eyes still closed, Anna stretched out her whole body. The painful kinks in her back and shoulders had all been worked out overnight. Body no longer feverish and mind clear of fuzzy thoughts, she felt lighter and finally herself again.\
And she was so comfortable. Anna couldn't bear to open her eyes just yet, bundled in warm blankets as soft as feathers against her skin while drinking in the crisp morning air. She couldn't hold back a wide smile from growing on her face, and she snuggled deeper into the blankets tightly clutching a pillow as she always did. Only 
\i not 
\i0 as she always did. Only then, when she felt the jarringly different weight and feel, did Anna remember her predicament. She wasn't home in Arendelle. Smile slipping, Anna's recollection of last night returned, and her relaxed mood shifted to confusion.\
She was surprised she hadn't been tossed in the dungeons or something for her outburst.\
Opening her eyes, Anna was even more surprised to see a head of platinum-blonde hair on her bedside.\
Elsa was sitting at the edge of the bed, looking to be fast asleep with her head down. Vaguely, Anna remembered fainting and being caught by Elsa. Had she really taken care of her the whole night? Anna stared at the still form of the Snow Queen, once again completely confused. And this was probably 
\i her 
\i0 bedroom, judging from the d\'e9cor and the crystalline crown sitting on a desk not far away. Anna looked around to see white and blue everywhere: white walls trimmed with blue, blue sheets bordered by white, assorted furniture with the same color scheme.\
But there really wasn't anything else. Compared to Anna's own room in Arendelle, Elsa's room was bare of anything revealing her personality, unless she was just an automaton. No baubles, no trinkets of any kind, not even a single thing out of place in the perfectly orderly room. The only thing even remotely strange was probably Elsa sitting on the side of her own bed \'97\
Anna bit back a gasp of surprise when Elsa turned her head to the side and her face became visible. Feeling her heart pound, Anna leaned in closer and studied her features, morbidly curious. The first thing she noticed was \'97 
\i Elsa had freckles. 
\i0 Just a light dusting of it and almost invisible even against her milky skin, but 
\i still
\i0 , Elsa had 
\i freckles. 
\i0 Anna shook her head, probably more amused than the discovery warranted. 
\i Freckles
\i0 , like someone as ordinary as herself. Asleep, Elsa looked much less tense, her usually stiffened features relaxed, and somehow the thought that Elsa even needed to sleep at all made her seem more human.\
"Elsa," Anna said timidly, oddly unwilling to wake the queen.\
Elsa immediately woke with a start, eyes snapping open so abruptly Anna jerked back in reflex. Icy blue eyes glared up without recognition, slightly glazed with sleep but reflecting a tempest of barely restrained violence. Then the moment passed. The onslaught of cold retreated. The danger faded. Anna watched shakily as Elsa seemed to come back to her senses, eyes calming once she recognized her.\
"Anna," Elsa said, slowly and just as shakily as Anna felt right then. "I apologize, I'm not used to sleeping for so long. Or waking up with someone nearby, I didn't realize\'97"\
"I-It's fine!" More to get off the subject than anything, Anna asked, "Were you\'85here the whole night?"\
Elsa nodded, composure returning now that she seemed to have calmed down. "You had a fever. I didn't have a suitable room prepared for you yet, so I brought you to mine. If you don't mind, you can rest here for now."\
"Oh. Thank you," Anna murmured. It was weird. Whenever she was around Elsa and not angry with her for whatever reason, being anywhere even remotely close to the queen made her jittery and unable to keep still. Swallowing nervously, Anna brushed a strand of hair out of her face.\
And realized she must look like a complete idiot right then.\
Anna's hands flew up to her head, and she released a loud groan at the familiar feeling of her hair puffed out into a huge, bushy, tangled mess like a mane all around her. Trying to force it down with no success, Anna eventually gave up, wishing she could hide in a hole somewhere; but when she noticed Elsa hiding a smile behind her hand, Anna glowered. Of course, Elsa would look perfect right after waking up. Not a strand of her platinum hair was out of place. It was ridiculous. How did her bangs even stay up through the night?\
"I see you smiling over there," Anna grumbled. When she moved to get out of bed and tried to push off on her hands, she fell back down with a hiss of pain.\
Elsa sobered in a flash. "Wait here."\
As Elsa left the room to get 
\i something
\i0 , Anna examined her hands. She hadn't noticed before but the cracked skin was still an ugly raw red, and now she was starting to feel the same dull pain on her half-healed ankles too. Elsa came back in with a handful of supplies, laying them out on the bedside table.\
"Let me see your hands," Elsa said, and Anna dutifully held them up. She took one in her own gloved hands, reaching for a piece of gauze and a bowl smelling strongly of disinfectant.\
Far more gently than Anna had been expecting, Elsa ran it over the raw skin. Immediately, her body tensed and a small cry forced its way past her lips. Anna had to fight not to pull away and squeezed her eyes shut.\
"I'm sorry. I know it must hurt, but it has to be done." Feeling Elsa rub the back of her hand with a thumb, earnestly trying to ease her pain, Anna lifted her eyes, just looking at her through the hair that had fallen over her eyes. Elsa apologized too much. Anna might really start believing she meant them at this rate. "It might help to talk about something," Elsa said.\
"There's one thing I was sorta curious about," Anna admitted. "Why do you wear gloves? Not that it looks bad or anything, just, uh, it doesn't seem to match all that well, and you usually\'85do match. I mean, I didn't see you wearing them before."\
"My powers make it dangerous for me to have contact with anyone," Elsa said, continuing to wipe her hands and then switching to wrapping them in bandages. "I thought it would be best to wear gloves while around you." She stopped and frowned. "Markus would not approve."\
"Markus\'85?" Memories of her lessons came back, and though Anna had never paid much attention to the stuffy teachers, this at least she remembered. "You mean King Markus? Of the Southern Isles?" Well, of course, Anna thought right after saying it. It sounded dumb even to her.\

\i No, of the 
\i0 Northern 
\i Isles. Of course the Southern Isles!
\i0 \
She was grateful when Elsa just nodded, choosing not to point out the egregious gaffe and letting her keep some small shred of her dignity. As much of it as she could have, anyway, sitting there with bedhead and being attended to like a kid.\
After she had wrapped both her hands, Elsa tossed the bloody gauze in an empty bowl. Even while she went back to the counter and rummaged for more supplies, Elsa watched from the corner of her eye as Anna inspected the bandage, poking at the soft linen. "You have to leave it alone, or it won't heal," Elsa said gently. She sat back down in front of Anna. "Can you sit on the edge of the bed, please?"\
Anna cringed and lowered her hands guiltily, then shuffled over so her legs dangled off the bedside. "Oh, right. Anyway, not to sound rude or anything, but isn't King Markus your father? So why do you call him\'85?" And isn't he 
\i dead
\i0 , Anna wanted to ask, but that was too insensitive even for her.\
"I am not of his blood," Elsa said, entirely matter-of-fact like it made perfect sense she was somehow queen while not being blood-related to the previous king. Doing much the same for her ankles as she had her hands, Anna just now realized that the 
\i Queen of the Southern Isles
\i0 , the person who had singlehandedly conquered Arendelle,was personally treating her wounds. And incredibly gently at that.\
God, it was hard to keep hating her when she was so nice like this. Anna had to remind herself that she hated Elsa, and talking to her so casually should be out of the question.\
"Couldn't you have had someone else do this?" Anna asked, trying her hardest to dig up the righteous fury she had felt just the previous night and harden her voice again.\
Elsa stiffened. "I could have, but I thought it my responsibility that you were mistreated."\
"Yeah, I noticed you really need to work on that. You know how much your own soldiers talk about you behind your back?" Feeling a strange mixture of satisfaction and guilt at the increasing discomfort on Elsa's usually controlled features, Anna asked, "Having a tough time keeping people under control?"\
"Quite frankly, yes."\
Well, that escalated quickly.\
"And you're okay with this."\
"If things go well," Elsa said, slowly, as though careful not to divulge too much, "I think I need not be ruler for much longer." Before Anna could ask any more about the frustratingly cryptic answer, she added, "Are you hurt anywhere else?"\
Anna had barely noticed Elsa finishing up with her ankles, so gently had she done it all. "Oh, uh, no, I don't think so. I mean, I have some bruises here and there, but it's not a big deal, I'm actually really clumsy so I'm used to it. I'm rambling. I'm fine." She gingerly hopped off the bed to prove it.\
"In that case, I'll order breakfast be brought to you. In the meantime, I have some duties to attend to," Elsa said. "Feel free to explore the castle at your leisure."\
"What, no guards to watch me, or, I dunno, some snowmen? Nothing? Really?" Anna had expected to be a prisoner here, and instead she had so far been treated to a ginormous meal, a luxurious bedroom, and even personal care from Elsa. And she could just roam around freely?\
"Really. I assume you will have no desire to steal anything," Elsa said, a tiny smile twitching at the corner of her lips. Anna couldn't even tell if she was joking.\
"For all you know, I could be some sort of closet kleptomaniac," Anna mumbled. "But all right, I'll do that. Explore, I mean! Not steal. I don't steal."\
Elsa nodded, but her smile fell when she amended, "Except you must remember never to enter the uppermost tower, which is out of bounds for everyone, not just you. The consequence of trespassing would be\'85dire and unpleasant."\
"\'85You're kidding, right?" Just the way Elsa said that, if it were anyone else Anna might have thought they were being funny. When Elsa only blinked, Anna remembered that it was very unlikely for the stone-faced queen to make a joke about hidden castle vampires or anything of the sort. "All righty then, uppermost tower, no go."\
"I should also warn you about\'85" Elsa grimaced and shook her head. "No, forget it."\
"Wait, no, tell me." If something warranted worry from Elsa, Anna thought, she should probably know about it.\
"I do not want to prejudice you against anyone here," Elsa said. "But remember that there are those who wish you ill, and not all of them will be obvious about their intentions."\
With that last haunting message, Elsa left the room.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was strange, caring for Anna.\
Elsa didn't understand these strange emotions she suddenly felt after so many years of isolation. She only knew that Anna was warm and so full of life, the exact opposite of her, and Anna was the only one to be unafraid of her powers. She could say it all she wanted that she kept Anna around to learn about Arendelle, but truth was, Elsa had been captivated the moment Anna met her eyes in challenge.\
And she could 
\i touch 
\i0 her.\
It still scared her to think of how impulsive it had been to place her bare skin against Anna last night. She had acted entirely on instinct, and the fact that Anna had not frozen to death was a miracle in and of itself. It had been years since Elsa felt human contact at all, and even more years since she had done so without the barrier of her gloves. Feeling the heat of Anna's flushed skin against hers\'85\
If it weren't impossible, Elsa might have thought her heart skipped a beat.\
But Anna would have to wait. Elsa ascended the spiraling staircase of crystallized ice, feeling the cold steps respond to her touch with singing glee, their content humming ringing in her head as though welcoming her home. She had spent hours here, pouring all of her magic into the creation of this single staircase. Up above, at the height of the palace of ice\'85\
At the top of the staircase was a door made of flawless ice, and where Elsa placed her hand upon the mirror-like surface, a single vein grew. Quickly, like time fast-forwarded, the vein spread into a sprawling spider web of cracks, until the entire door shattered into thousands of pieces to the floor. As Elsa walked past the shards, the ice reformed behind her and sealed the entrance.\
In the circular chamber of glassy blues and brilliant whites, Elsa knelt on one knee and waited. She couldn't help glancing up at the chandelier where she knew 
\i it 
\i0 was contained, delicately carved blades of ice forming an intricate and perfect fractal. It was beautiful, flawless, but sometimes Elsa thought about it when she couldn't sleep at night, couldn't feel like any normal human being, and she wondered if she was missing something.\
But it was too late to wonder, so Elsa looked back down and straight ahead.\
"Markus." Little more needed to be said in words. Her thoughts transmitted themselves through the air and through the ice, and in seconds the king knew everything that he needed to know.\
It was only a semi-conscious that responded, not so much with words as with feelings and impressions, and it was not a voice but a presence larger and deeper, intimidating in its sheer scale. Even still Elsa rejoiced in the presence, so familiar to her and comforting as it always was, enshrouding her in its dark warmth and care.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 Gloves. Remember. Lesson.
\i0\b0 \
Elsa stripped her gloves off quickly. "Release, let free. There are no limits." That was her creed. Markus had been the one to teach her not to fear her powers, to let them rage freely. She was a force of nature, Markus had told her, and not something meant to be restrained by man.\

\i\b Presence. Danger. Purge.
\i0\b0 \
"Princess Anna of Arendelle," Elsa said, raising her head and mouth drying at the thought of killing Anna. "She is no danger. I only thought she was of interest, so I\'97"\

\i\b Rebirth. Cleansing. Haste.
\i0\b0 \
"I have not forgotten. Soon, it will be possible." Elsa closed her eyes in relief as she felt approval surge through their link. "I desperately need your guidance, Markus, this burden is becoming too much. Things were much simpler while you were still here."\

\i\b Strength. Will. Persevere.
\i0\b0 \
"I understand," Elsa said quietly. It would not be too long now.\
She just had to bear through.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 After a hearty breakfast in bed served by the chef, the jolliest fat man Anna had ever seen \'97 or the fattest jolly man \'97 she decided to take up Elsa's offer and explore the castle. Not like she had much else to do. And it might have been assumption on her part, but she trusted that nothing would happen to her now that Elsa had made that promise. Bundled up in warm clothing as though she were heading outside, Anna roamed the frigid castle.\
There weren't very many servants, especially not in Elsa's wing. The few that Anna did encounter walked quickly and silently, though it seemed more expected of them than their natural demeanor. When she accosted a maid, practically pouncing on the poor woman, she had cracked a genuine smile when faced with Anna's infectious cheer. It amused Anna to no end when, asking about the castle's general layout, she figured out that Elsa had an entire wing to herself while thirteen princes shared one.\
"Does she have a thing about germs?" Anna asked, thinking it would fit the fastidious queen to be a germaphobe. "Oh wait, I forgot they're not related. I guess it wouldn't be proper."\
"Yes," said the maid, but she added in a low whisper, "Queen Elsa's powers, too. Of course no one would want to be around her."\
As the maid went back to her work, she left Anna standing there oddly displeased. Explained the lack of staff, then, and the way everyone avoided Elsa like she had the plague. Was it even fair, though\'85?\
Anna shook her head. What wasn't fair was someone abusing their powers to conquer perfectly benign kingdoms, and if no one wanted to have contact with them, well, that was their fault. Deciding to visit Kristoff \'97 the only person she even knew around here \'97 and determined to put the whole ordeal behind her, Anna made her way back to the grand doors and swung them open.\
Still snowing lightly outside, but Anna wouldn't be surprised if it always snowed here. Nothing had pointed otherwise so far. Wrapping her coat tighter around herself, she ventured out into the cold and doubled back around to the stables. Not very different from her own in Arendelle, a large barn made of masonry and wood, and the only difference, Anna assumed, would be an abundance of reindeer rather than horses. Even from afar she could smell them, a sort of pungent stink that was simultaneously appalling and charming. It just seemed so alive, in this kingdom of ice, to have something that actually stank.\
"I am so weird," Anna said to herself. Who in their right mind liked smelly things? She closed her eyes and shook her head at herself.\
"Hey! Watch out!" Anna opened her eyes just in time to see what she initially thought was an avalanche rushing towards her, but was really a white horse powering through the snow. Whoever the rider was pulled back on the reins as hard as he could, but he was going too fast to stop completely. Throwing up a wave of white powder as it jerked back, the horse smashed into her with its flank.\
It wasn't terribly painful but the impact still knocked Anna down to the ground, and she fell with a loud shriek as snow piled down her shirt.\
"You need to watch where you're going!" Anna sat up and brushed herself off, and then stretched out her shirt a little so snow fell out. Looking to the cause of their traffic accident, she was about to launch into a huge tirade when\'97\

\i Oh, he's dreamy.
\i0 \
"I'm so sorry. Are you hurt?" The rider got off his horse and extended a hand to help her up. Tall and fair-skinned, perfectly styled auburn hair with sideburns, and best of all, he had the brightest green eyes Anna had ever seen.\
Much gentler, Anna said, "Hey. I, uh, no, I'm okay." She took his hand and got to her feet, staring at his eyes the whole time. They were kind, warm, their verdant color reminding her of leaves and all things spring, and it was a welcome relief.\
"I'm Prince Hans. I don't recognize you. Are you a new workhand, or\'85?"\
"Oh, I'm Princess Anna, of Arendelle." Immediately, her estimate of Hans rose. Judge a person based on how they treat their inferiors, Pappa had told her, and if Hans had been this kind while thinking she was just a hired hand, she felt him a trustworthy person.\
"Princess\'85? My Lady." Hans gave her a deep bow, a courtesy Anna had not been treated to in quite some time.\
"I don't think that's really necessary, considering Arendelle is subject to the Southern Isles," Anna said, not bothering to hide the tinge of bitterness in her voice.\
Hans straightened but lowered his head. "I cannot express my regret over Elsa's actions. Truly, none of us wanted this." He waved a hand out, indicating the winter all around them. No doubt noticing Anna's shivering, he shrugged off his coat and placed it over her shoulders, then gestured towards the castle. "Let's get back inside."\
Forgetting about Kristoff for now in favor of warmth, Anna followed Hans back in. They were in a different part of the castle than she was used to, a sort of commons area likely part of the left wing belonging to the thirteen princes. Here, the decorations were much warmer in color. Compared to Elsa's white and blue, this place was practically bursting with color: strange and slightly tacky paintings, like a bowl of misshaped fruit; sofas, posh with spiraled armrests but still looking comfy and inviting; and lush, fuzzy carpet instead of polished floor that Anna had strongly suspected was some form of ice.\
"Our humble abode," Hans confirmed.\
"So there are really thirteen of you?" Anna couldn't help but ask.\
"Not all from the same mother," Hans said. When Anna wrinkled her nose in distaste, Hans smiled self-depreciatingly. "Yes, polygamy is unfortunately popular here, especially for the king."\
"That's sort of gross." Anna widened her eyes when she realized what she had just implied. "Not that I think your father is \'97 I mean, I sort of did, but I didn't mean to insult him!"\
Hans laughed, a rich, deep noise reminding Anna of chocolate. "No, I agree. Forgive me for being forward, but I think love should be a thing between two people only. Polygamy is a very antiquated system that ought to be abolished. There's been very many misunderstandings because of it."\
"No, I totally agree!" Anna said. "But, uh, misunderstandings?"\
"As you can imagine, there were some nasty rumors when Elsa showed up, but Father insisted she was not born of him." Hans shrugged. "Well, the rumors became even nastier after that."\
Anna furrowed her brow. "What do you \'97 
\i oh
\i0 . You mean people thought they were \'97 involved?" Wow. That was a really gross thought, considering even the youngest of the king's thirteen children was around Elsa's age, and the eldest no doubt significantly older. Oh, God. Just thinking about it made Anna want to shrivel up and die.\
"Only rumors, of course," Hans said quickly, averting his eyes and nervously picking at his jacket. "I'm sorry for even bringing it up, I really shouldn't have said anything\'97"\
"\'85You're not sure if they're only rumors," Anna said. Hans might have thought he was covering it up, but it was pretty obvious to her that his good intentions hid how unsure he was. But still, it was very kind of him to say otherwise.\
Slowly, Hans nodded. Immediately after, he exhaled a long breath and shook his head. "I would like to believe the best, but with Father's sudden disappearance and Elsa suddenly crowning herself Queen Regent, no one truly knows."\
"That does sounds\'85suspicious."\
"Doesn't it?" Hans continued speaking, quickly, rushed, like the words had always been trapped with no outlet until now. "I've known Elsa for years, and of course I wouldn't want to believe that anything underhanded took place. But this eternal winter, and her policy of conquest\'85I don't believe Father would have supported either of those things."\
So, just as Anna had observed, no one here liked the winter. And she had witnessed for herself how Elsa could instantly thaw Arendelle, so why didn't she do that here? Was she really a tyrant oppressing the Southern Isles, or\'85? Anna's head hurt just thinking about it. She rubbed her temples tiredly.\
"I shouldn't have said so much," Hans said apologetically, leading Anna to sit on one of the couches nearby. "It's just that I don't very often have the chance to. To be honest, you're one of the first people I've met that I can talk so freely to."\
"I understand." Anna grinned and Hans likewise smiled widely, green eyes brightening with delight.\
They spent hours just sitting and talking like old friends.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 5: Thundersnow
\b0 \
"Done with your groveling?" Alvard asked, not sparing a glance in Hans' direction as he sat at his velvet-covered chair and polished his sword in the dark of his room. All the window blinds were down, leaving only the barest rays of light to filter through the spaces between wooden slats alternating black and brown. Darkness only made the wicked longsword in his hand gleam brighter.\
"I do what I must to survive," Hans said easily. Without invitation, he leaned against the wall of the sixth prince's bedroom and looked out the corner of his eye to study his older brother's hawkish features. "I don't see any of the rest of 
\i you 
\i0 thanking me for my efforts in preserving us all."\
"You think Elsa would do anything to us?" Alvard scoffed and swung his sword through the air, apparently not satisfied yet as he replaced it on a grinding stone.\
"I think she is unpredictable." Hans smiled when Alvard paused for the slightest of moments before continuing to sharpen the longsword. "And unpredictable people are, unfortunately, beyond the scope of our control. We are not Father, after all."\
It was too easy to manipulate even his brothers. Hans kept his eyes fixed on Alvard as they spoke, offering tiny tidbits of information in exchange for his, carefully gauging Alvard's reaction and filing them away in his mind. Furrowing of his heavy brow, clenching of his strong jaw, pursing of his thin lips, all as expected. One sore point common to many of his brothers \'97 Elsa. Hans could make them do whatever he wanted if he linked it to the queen.\
"Father made a mistake raising that wench," Alvard growled. Sparks flew with a dull screech from where he pushed too hard and his longsword dragged against stone. "She's out of control. She's forgotten what she's supposed to be doing while the rest of us suffer through her accursed winter."\
"Ahh, you've heard about our new guest, Princess Anna."\
"Obviously." Alvard abandoned the grindstone and sat down with a heavy scowl, continuing to polish with violent swipes of his hand. "What Elsa thinks her use will be, I dare not even imagine."\
"She 
\i is 
\i0 very beautiful," Hans admitted, almost laughing at the disgust on Alvard's face. Oh, Anna. Hans almost felt sorry for taking advantage of someone so gullible, but a few hours and he had extracted every bit of information he needed. Elsa really needed to cover her tracks better, to allow such a glaring weakness to roam around freely where 
\i anyone
\i0  might strike.\
"Ridiculous," Alvard muttered.\
"It is not beyond someone as unnatural as Elsa," Hans said, carefully toning his voice to hesitance. Let Alvard think he was spineless. After years of being underestimated, Hans knew well the benefits of such. No one ever suspected him. "I have heard\'85well, perhaps I should remain silent."\
"You have heard 
\i what
\i0 , Hans? Speak up, or I will think you a sniveling woman. Do not bandy words here." Alvard thumbed the edge of his longsword in a manner Hans supposed was meant to be intimidating, but he only found it laughable.\
"Well, Elsa personally took care of the girl\'85in her personal quarters, overnight. She did not even report to Father until this morning, 
\i after 
\i0 once again personally bandaging her wounds."\
Instantly, Alvard tightened his grip on the sword until his knuckles turned white.\
"I take my leave," Hans said, slowly retreating from the room, head bowed to hide his smile. Oh, it was too easy.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna did eventually make it to Kristoff, several hours later than intended but at least bearing gifts this time: some pastries she had swiped from the kitchens after Hans led her there for lunch and departed. Clutching the morsels tightly under her cloak and watching out for any charging horses this time around, Anna once again braved the snow and safely made it to the stables.\
Shrugging off her heavy overcoat once entering the main barn, Anna took a quick look around. As expected, just an ordinary stable with two rows of stalls and a walkway in the middle, each stall filled with bales of hay and smelling even stronger of pungent animal now she was closer. She walked further in, looking over the stalls for Kristoff, until she heard voices in the back and stopped.\
"Look, 
\i no
\i0 , you'll be perfectly fine but I'll be thrown in the dungeons\'97"\
"C'mon! Just once, I swear. If I don't say anything, and you don't say anything, who's going to know?"\
The first voice she recognized, grumpy but subtly warm \'97 Kristoff. The second voice, boyish and practically bursting with excitement as it pleaded, Anna was curious about. Taking the last few steps to the back end of the barn, Anna surprised both boys with a loud, "Guess who?"\
Oddly, Kristoff gave a start and looked ready to bolt before realizing it was just her, clutching onto Sven and heaving a loud sigh. A shorter boy next to him laughed at his reaction, smile wide and toothy but aristocratic features still obvious: dark hair and pale skin, slender nose and high cheekbones, obviously the result of carefully selected marriage. Though he had his sleeves rolled up and his arms were plastered with what Anna thought was dirt, the fine material of his clothing betrayed his identity again.\
"I'm guessing you don't usually work here," Anna said, and the boy nodded.\
"Prince Edmund. I'm twelve." Edmund paused and widened his eyes, shaking his head frantically as Anna snickered. "No! Twelfth! I mean I'm twelfth in line, not that I'm twelve. Uhh. Who are you?"\
"Princess Anna of Arendelle."\
"Ohhh, you're that girl Elsa picked up." Before Anna could protest the labeling, Edmund stuck out his hand. "Nice to meet you." But just as Anna prepared to take the proffered handshake, he jerked back; and for a moment she thought he was actually pretty nasty, until he smiled weakly and said, "Sorry. Umm, I don't know how to say this delicately, but what you're seeing on my hand isn't actually dirt."\
Sven whinnied proudly.\
"O-
\i Oh
\i0 ." Anna unconsciously took a step back, but she was more amused than grossed out. They 
\i were 
\i0 in the stables. But for a prince to be perfectly okay with being covered in manure\'85\
Edmund turned back to the now exasperated Kristoff and slapped him on the shoulder, leaving a long trail of brown over his shirt but ignoring his glower. "Right, Anna. Since you're here, you can help me convince this lug to let me help on deliveries."\
"Deliveries?" Anna asked.\
Kristoff cleared his throat. "We have weekly deliveries of supplies to all the families out in town. Of course, our 
\i prince
\i0  isn't allowed to come. I could already get in trouble just letting him help around here."\
"Why not?" Edmund asked, but very much like Anna thought she would do, he cut off Kristoff's answer and spoke over his groan. "Okay, listen. These are my people, right? I'm their prince, so I have a responsibility to help out."\
"And I have a responsibility to make sure you don't get hurt, or that's 
\i on my head
\i0 ." Kristoff crossed his arms and glared down at the boy in the strangest reversal of royalty and commoner, and Anna felt her head spin when Kristoff added, "And that's final," with seemingly legitimate authority.\
"You stink, both literally and metaphorically," Edmund said.\
Anna couldn't help giggling, and they both looked towards her with matching glares. Practically feeling the hostility burning on her skin, Anna held out her hands in mock-surrender. "I agree that Kristoffer stinks, but maybe you really shouldn't do these deliveries."\
"It's Kristoff."\
"Shut up, Kristoffer." As Kristoff threw his hands up and fumed, Edmund looked back to Anna. "But why not? I'm serious, I want to do this. It's the right thing to do."\
"I know, but it's not really fair to Kristoff though," Anna said, holding in a smile as Edmund grumbled. She felt immediate rapport with the boy, so open with his emotions and obviously eager to be helpful. It was the strangest thing, and she found herself talking to him like he was much younger until she realized something very, very weird. "Wait. How are you older than Hans?"\
"I'm older by, like, three days." Edmund shrugged off the whole different mother thing as common business; but then he grimaced, wrinkling his nose as though the mere thought of Hans could actually be worse than the odor of the stables. "Oh. Hans. So you've met him, huh?"\
Anna looked from Edmund to Kristoff and back. "Is there something wrong?"\
"I can't say anything personally," Kristoff said, and he turned back to Sven, offering him half a carrot and eating the rest.\
"He's not the worst, but I just don't like him much. Vibes, you know," Edmund said, with a note of finality like that was self-explanatory.\
Anna frowned. "That's not really a good reason to dislike somebody. Hans is a nice guy."\
"You'd be surprised how often vibes are accurate," Edmund said, smiling with easy confidence. "Gut instinct is an awesome thing, appearances can fool your eyes but not your gut. Like, I get good vibes from 
\i you
\i0 , so I'm sure you're a good person. Am I right? Are you a good person?"\
"Would anyone say otherwise?" Anna asked.\
"I did," Kristoff said. "I told him to bug off, but then he kept coming around the stables trying to steal a reindeer and I eventually let him stick around. Better to know where he is so he doesn't get hurt."\
"Actually, I should probably head back before anyone notices," Edmund said. He shook his arms, and Anna dodged the flying missiles of manure. "It was nice meeting you, Anna. See you around."\
"Bye!" Only when Edmund had left the barn did Anna remember. "Damn, I should have asked him about Elsa. Good vibes or bad vibes?" She laughed again at the strange system, but she guessed it worked well enough for Edmund. Anna wondered if that really worked, if judging people based on vibes could be accurate. As for Elsa\'85\
Kristoff stepped out of the stall after giving Sven one last pat on the head, and Anna followed him as he rinsed his hands off in a bucket standing in the walkway. "So\'85you're curious about Elsa now?"\
"I just want to know more about my kidnapper! There's nothing strange," Anna said, bristling over the knowing tone in Kristoff's voice. "So what do you think about her?"\
"Of course not." Kristoff rose and flicked his hands dry. "And I really can't tell you much. I'm just a prisoner of war, remember? All I can tell you is that Elsa was the one to propose giving out supplies. And, you know, Edmund's system really isn't all that bad. What do 
\i you 
\i0 think?"\
Anna blinked.\
If she were honest with herself, Elsa gave her good vibes.\
She just didn't want to admit it.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Dinner the second night was more awkward than the first, probably because Anna couldn't muster up the same anger anymore and was left sitting there eating by herself as Elsa watched. Same long dining table separating them by a full three meters, same dead air.\
"You're seriously not going to eat?" Anna asked.\
"It's not necessary." Elsa tilted her glass and swirled the wine inside, bringing it up to her nose but never drinking it. "How is the food?"\
"Oh, great." Anna stabbed at her home delicacies to prove her point. "We don't always have to have food from Arendelle though. Is that\'85why you're not eating?" Right after the words left her mouth Anna flushed, realizing she made it sound like Elsa got this food specifically for her.\
"No, but thank you for your concern. I'm glad you like it."\
And Elsa didn't even deny it. Anna swallowed and bowed her head, eating a little faster to cover up her nervousness. She ended up choking on a particularly tough piece of lamb, doubling over as she coughed and coughing even harder when she tried to stop because God, it was embarrassing. Looking up with teary eyes, Anna saw Elsa gripping the arms of her seat like she was ready to get up and help, except she seemed torn and ended up helplessly looking around.\
"Are you all right?" Elsa asked.\
Anna was slightly comforted by the fact that Elsa could be awkward too.\
"Fine! I'm fine," Anna said, thumping her chest a few times and clearing her throat once or twice. It sounded gross, but there really wasn't a way around it.\
Elsa nodded and played with her wine some more. Probably feeling the awkward atmosphere just as much as Anna, she asked hesitantly, "Will you\'85tell me about Arendelle? If you don't mind. I know it may be a subject of sensitivity."\
Remembering how she had flown into a rage just the other night, Anna wondered why she was so okay with this now. Vibes, maybe. Optimism, maybe. It wasn't like she could do anything to change her situation, and at least she might be able to do some good for Arendelle if she could get through to Elsa. Or something like that. Whatever. That 
\i was 
\i0 why she had come in the first place, for Arendelle.\
"I don't mind," Anna said finally. "What do you want to know?"\
"Anything. Whatever comes to mind, I'll be glad to hear it."\
"Okay," Anna said, taking a deep breath in preparation. "Well. Arendelle's small, but the community is really tight-knit. I don't actually get to go out the castle much \'97 Pappa's really overprotective \'97 but whenever I do, everyone's really friendly. And not because I'm the princess! You'd be surprised how many people don't recognize me. I'm completely ordinary, so\'97"\
"I don't think you are." Anna blinked at Elsa's pointed interruption, but she had gone quiet again.\
"\'85R-Right, thanks." A little flustered, Anna scrambled for more to say. "Oh, the food is really great. Are you sure you won't try any?" Elsa shook her head, smiling. "All right, so maybe another time, when you're not, like, fasting. Umm, there are four seasons?" Anna winced at that one. Potentially offensive.\
"I prefer winter," Elsa murmured, so quietly that Anna could barely catch it from across the table.\
"I can see that," Anna said. Throwing caution to the wind, she added, "But you know, other seasons aren't all that bad. Might be a little toasty, but most people don't mind a little variety."\
Elsa pursed her lips. "I know."\
"So\'85have you thought about thawing the Southern Isles?" Anna asked. Elsa stayed silent, looking down so the light of the candles sent shadows flitting across her face. "It would be a pretty good change, and I think your people would be really grateful for it."\
Elsa said nothing.\
"Will you just at least think about it?" Growing more and more frustrated as Elsa continued to ignore her, as she continued to avoid eye-contact and refuse to speak, Anna felt her tone harshen against her will. "Listen, you might think the winter's great and all, but it's brutal out there\'97"\
"That's enough, Anna," Elsa said at last. "I will act as I see fit."\
It was the same tone of voice Elsa had used when confronting her father, imperious and carrying the slightest edge of a threat. Immediately Anna felt the same anger pulsing in her chest as her entire perception of Elsa reversed. She had almost managed to make herself forget until this reminder. Arendelle. Here she was, talking about Arendelle to its conqueror, and she had really managed to feel just a hint of, what, 
\i acceptance
\i0 ? Anna was disgusted with herself.\
Hans was right. Elsa was just a tyrant.\
"No, sorry, I'm not done," Anna retorted. "Because you're being ridiculous! Just because 
\i you 
\i0 prefer the winter, you're going to make an entire country suffer through it? Look around you! Do you think anyone likes having to deal with this? But I forgot, you 
\i do 
\i0 know people don't like you much."\
Elsa flinched. If it were anyone else, Anna might have felt immediate guilt; but then, if it were anyone else, Anna would never have spoken with such venom anyway. Right then, she felt only vicious satisfaction at the hint of weakness.\
"But you don't want people to hate you, right? That's why you pass out those supplies." Elsa widened her eyes by just a fraction, but it was confirmation enough. "Well, that's not enough, and it won't ever be. Maybe if you stopped this 
\i cursed winter
\i0 , they wouldn't hate you so much\'97"\
A gloved hand slammed against the table.\
"I said, 
\i enough
\i0 !" Elsa snapped. She raised her voice only a little, but it was the first time Anna saw her lose her calm. Cold snaked into the hall on a fell wind. Frost spread over the edges of the table. The dying candle flames flickered, until Elsa closed her eyes and breathed deeply. "Anna, I know, but I can't. I'm sorry, but this winter is truly out of my control. Please, let it be."\
"\'85Fine," Anna said.\
"I'm sorry for frightening you," Elsa said quickly, leaning forward a little. "I didn't mean\'97"\
Anna shook her head. "Don't be sorry, I wasn't frightened. You're not as threatening as you think you are, Elsa, and I don't know why you try to be." She rose from the table, unable to stay any longer. She thought she might really try to hit Elsa at this rate, and the outcome definitely wouldn't be pretty.\
"Wait, Anna\'97"\
"I'm going to my room, if I have one," Anna said, meeting Elsa's gaze with challenge in her eyes. "Is that fine, or am I going to sleep in the dungeon? I don't mind. I've done it before, thanks to you."\
Elsa broke eye-contact first. "A room has been prepared for you. Someone will lead you to it." Anna nodded and turned on her heel, ready to leave. From behind, she heard Elsa murmur, "I am truly sorry."\
"I'm not sure who you're trying to convince," Anna said without looking back. "But if you say that enough, you might really start believing it."\
She swung the doors open and left.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It had been a total of three days since coming to the Southern Isles, and after that disastrous dinner Anna only grew more and more confused about the enigma that was Elsa.\
All right, so Elsa had conquered Arendelle. That was something Anna wouldn't be forgetting any time soon. All right, so Elsa inexplicably froze the Southern Isles too and seemingly refused to thaw her own kingdom even though everybody hated it. Anna made a few guesses why, each more improbable than the last. And all right, so Elsa had some strange connection with the nowhere-to-be-seen King Markus, which may or may not have been insidious in nature. Anna didn't even 
\i try 
\i0 guessing about that one.\
But Elsa was also unfailingly polite and, if distant, probably the kindest kidnapper in the world.\
Anna had her own room now, and unlike what she had half-expected as punishment for her 
\i second 
\i0 outburst, it was not a glorified prison but an actual room, furnished with everything she had back at home and more. Sleep came slowly amidst her troubled thoughts, until the next morning, someone knocked on her door and invited her to breakfast.\
With Elsa.\
At least the queen seemed determined to pretend that last dinner never even happened. It was just the two of them, and Elsa very professionally asked her if everything was satisfactory, if there was anything she needed, and if there was, she only needed to say a word. Otherwise, conversation was tentative now, even more than before, and both of them were on pins and needles \'97 Anna hovering between animosity and acceptance, Elsa just as reserved as ever, and they exchanged maybe two short, clipped sentences before falling silent. But still, as Anna ate, she felt Elsa watching her.\
The most unnerving thing was looking down at her meal, taking note of it carefully, and realizing every single dish was her favorite. Elsa must have been observing what she preferred every day and then made adjustments. Mind already reeling, Anna finally noticed once she got back to her quarters how everything had been arranged the exact same way as her old bedroom.\
Anna wanted to be able to hate Elsa, but she was being so thoughtful and considerate that Anna wanted to rip her hair out.\
It was unbelievably frustrating to realize she was getting used to life here.\
Suddenly feeling an impulse to find the queen, Anna searched the castle until she peered out the windows of the great hall into the courtyard. And there, she saw Elsa.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Release, let free. There are no limits."\
Feeling the tempest contained in her soul come to life beneath her skin, Elsa never felt more powerful or more detached. The world grew brighter, sharper, full of colors and smells and sounds suppressed along with her magic. It was not the same as creation, not the controlled force she had poured into her staircase, but an outpouring of her power for the sole purpose of destruction. Ice froze over in her veins, surged to her fingertips with a rush of heady adrenaline, the storm inside her singing louder and louder until she could contain it no longer.\
Howling winds heralded the glacial storm that struck in the courtyard where Elsa trained her powers, shards of ice pelting down with violent impact, all of it swept into a spiraling snowstorm.\

\i Let it go, let it free, let it go, 
\i0 and the power came faster, stronger, almost uncontrollable in its intensity. Elsa snapped her hands out and streaks of white blasted from her fingertips, torrent after torrent of ice streaking out as cold continued to circulate through her blood, until even her eyes flashed frigid blue.\
She spun on her heel and aimed at targets set up around the courtyard, willing the ice to hit, and wave after wave of white surged forward to decimate, to demolish, to destroy, each one striking with deadly precision. With a stamp of her foot the entire courtyard froze over, the storm raged stronger; and she rode the wind, one with the sky. Free and weightless, Elsa glided across the icy plains, sharp pivots and turns taking her in a wild race.\
Her power mounted, stronger and stronger, until it hit a crescendo.\
And then, finally, electricity poured from her hands.\
Crackling lightning burst through, whispering over her skin and bringing with it the pain and pleasure of intoxicating power. Now as she weaved through the storm she threw bolt after bolt of lightning to sear through her targets, leaving little more than charred, smoking rubble behind. 
\i Contain it, tame it, control it
\i0 , and the tempest withdrew with concussive force as Elsa stood at the eye of the storm, spiraling through the air before reentering her body.\
Crossbows nocked in chorus as archers prepared to fire. From every single window of the surrounding castle came a hail of crossbow bolts. Molding the electricity into her ice, Elsa raised her hands and the air turned in on itself, forming a flawless sheet of magnetic ice. Every single projectile spun off course and redirected itself to stab uselessly into the ice, penetrating less than a centimeter before being forcibly halted. With a thought, the frost spread to the arrows. Another thought and the entire structure imploded with an earth-shattering roar, to land on the ground as shards of fractured crystal.\
Elsa stood there, alone in her glory, and she let the last whispers of her power retreat to her soul.\

\i Release, let free. There are no limits.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 From the relative safety of the castle, Anna stood in open-mouthed awe of the sheer power she had just witnessed. After that display, it was difficult to believe Elsa could still be human. As though the blizzard hadn't been enough, Anna had just seen her conjure 
\i lightning
\i0 . What else could she do that Anna had no idea about?\
Opening the grand doors and carefully walking over to where Elsa was, Anna noticed she seemed fatigued for once. In the glittering graveyard, Elsa stood with her chest heaving and her eyes closed.\
"Hey, are you all right\'97"\
A wall of ice erupted from the ground just in time to block a stray crossbow bolt headed straight for Elsa. Her eyes snapped open, widened with surprise, and Anna knew this wasn't part of her training exercise anymore. They stood only a few feet away, and as their eyes met Anna saw the panic bleeding into Elsa's normal calm. She didn't understand. Elsa couldn't get hurt.\
Then was Elsa worried\'85for her?\
"Watch out!"\
Elsa abandoned her defense and ran towards her, and Anna barely registered being held by bared hands as they fell to the ground, Elsa physically shielding her with her body. She saw another crossbow bolt burying itself at the exact place where she had stood. Elsa raised a hand towards the windows and a torrent of lightning shattered through glass and assassin both, body tumbling from above to land with the sickening crunch of crushed bone.\
"You're hurt!" Anna peered over Elsa's shoulder and was horrified to see torn flesh on her back, a diagonal gash of flayed skin stretching from shoulder to hip. Anna had thought it impossible. Without realizing it, she had begun to believe Elsa above such mundane, mortal concepts as injury.\
She was proven wrong when Elsa murmured, voice slurred and eyes clouded with pain, "I'm glad you're safe." She managed only a small smile of relief before slumping against her, and Anna had never been as terrified in her life as seeing this proud, untouchable queen rendered so helpless.\
"Elsa!"\
Elsa was human after all, but Anna wished she could have found out any other way.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Really long author's note. Lightning is created from opposite charges of ice particles inside clouds, which forms an electrical field, so, yes, Elsa has (incomplete) control over lightning. It's not entirely indulgent on my part, I swear, it does play a part in the plot. I exaggerated the magnetic ice though. If you freeze ice under an electric field, it can pick up small magnetic properties, but only enough for really light-weight things. Of course, Elsa's ice has always had different properties from natural ice anyway, so there you have Badass!Elsa.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 6: Starred With Frost
\b0 \
Anna found herself once again in Elsa's room, trying to sort out the whirlwind of activity of the past few hours.\
Immediately after the assassination attempt, no one else had been able to touch Elsa.\
Anna had discovered that, for whatever reason, only she could be anywhere near the unconscious queen without being faced by a line of sharp spikes manifesting from the air. An automatic defense, then, just like what had blocked the first crossbow bolt. If not for her, Anna realized guiltily, Elsa would never have been hurt. But who asked her to take the hit? Elsa hadn't given her any choice about it, had just decided to abandon the protection of her ice to take care of her, and she had no business making Anna feel guilty and worried because she shouldn't be. She should be 
\i happy 
\i0 about this, but she was the furthest thing from it and she had no idea why.\
With her thoughts scrambled by panic and worry, Anna had no idea what to 
\i do
\i0  even.\
But she needn't have worried. She was so distracted she didn't notice at first, but not all was quite right; Anna had seen the puncture but missed it slowly healing already. Blood just stopped flowing as though frozen in the veins, and only when she heard Elsa come back to life with a groan did she see how the torn muscle had actually knit itself back together. After a brief glow of white light, only the tiniest bit of blood marred otherwise unmarked, pale skin.\
She had no idea how that was even possible.\
Shaking her head and throwing herself into bed, Anna tried to forget about the strange sight. Strangely enough, it wasn't too hard. She had no idea why she had been brought to Elsa's room again, but being in it was calming, somehow, and she found the light chill actually relaxing as she made herself comfortable in the blankets. Funny thought, that she was more relaxed here than in her own room. Her room in the 
\i Southern Isles
\i0 , that was, not really her 
\i own 
\i0 room.\
Because that was in 
\i Arendelle
\i0 .\
Anna turned over and groaned.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Queen Elsa sat on her throne, features starched as cold iron but quiet fury obvious in the raging snowstorm outside. As if to remind her subjects of exactly who she was, of exactly what 
\i they 
\i0 were, her usually neglected crown was placed over her head once more. Made entirely of sapphire-tinted ice, the tiara was not smooth but ribbed and jagged, better to refract light so all its surface gleamed with a brilliant white glow; its four points had been carved into conic, helical spirals, like winged seashells; and from the band encircling her head plunged eight short spikes, six against her hair and two arcing into lightning bolts on her forehead.\
Before her stood the twelve princes: Gustaf, Cyrus, Fabian, Tobias, Alek, Stefan, Rafael, Saul, Oliver, Reid, Edmund, and finally Hans.\
The 
\i remaining 
\i0 twelve.\
"Alvard is dead," Elsa announced, though his body already lay in the center of the throne hall a mere few feet from the others. They stood uncomfortably near their dead brother, some with ashen faces, afraid to look and yet morbidly curious. Some of them were harmless, of course, uncaring of her rule or even pleased; Stefan and Rafael came to mind, enamored as they were with art and music.\
But many of the others desperately needed reminder of her power.\
Rule with authority, Markus had taught her.\
Alek had been closest to Alvard, Elsa knew, much unlike many of the other bickering brothers holding even their blood relatives at arm's length. She found it admirable, their shared hatred of her, because they were at least upfront. Immediately, the headstrong man stepped forward and demanded, face set with anguish and denial, "What has he done to deserve this? Explain yourself, Elsa!"\
"You would do well to address Queen Elsa with respect," Hans said, and Elsa recognized his favorite and yet still undoubtedly effective tactic. Nobody liked to be reminded of their subordination.\
Predictably, Alek sneered. "Maybe if she deserved it, but Alvard\'97"\
"Attempted to assassinate the queen," Tobias interjected, but his voice had always been high and cruel, and the derision obvious in his careless demeanor made Alek turn to him with a guttural snarl.\
"You damned bookworm\'97"\
"Yes, and perhaps if Alvard had a shred of similar intellect, he would have known better than to attempt treason." Tobias smiled when Alek went mute with rage and, brushing back a long strand of black hair, he added, "I only wish you would do the same so we might be rid of you too."\
Even more arguing from the two; Elsa tuned out their insipid bickering with practiced ease. Born frail but with a keen mind unfortunately dedicated to cruelty, Tobias spent much of his time in the libraries pursuing forbidden knowledge. He was almost as much of a pariah as Elsa herself. She disliked being compared to him.\
"Enough, Tobias," Elsa said at last, when Alek looked ready to strike him. Bowing, Tobias stepped back into line, but not before sending one last smug smile at Alek, prompting another curse. "And you, Alek, should control yourself. Alvard 
\i did 
\i0 try to kill me, and such an offense could not go unpunished. Do not forget who I am."\
Edmund swallowed and tentatively piped up, almost quailing under Elsa's gaze. "But did he have to 
\i die
\i0 ? Elsa, I'm sure it was only a moment of, I don't know, momentary insanity, Alvard would never\'85"\
Out of all the brothers, Edmund was the most innocent: ironically too innocent to ever have a chance at the throne, but innocent enough to not be a threat and therefore spared from danger. Elsa wondered if it was a ploy, sometimes. Then again, she suspected everyone.\
"Treason is treason, and there are no exceptions. Any attempt to overthrow me is to disobey Markus, and I will carry out his expectations. Do not think he would have spared Alvard," Elsa said. Looking stricken, Edmund nodded quickly and stepped back.\
Gustaf, the eldest, spoke up next in his trademark drawl. "Are you sure this was because of treason, or was it because of your pet? I don't care, but I would like some clarification about the exact offense."\
"It's unfortunate Princess Anna was dragged into this mess," Hans said, and then pretending to have misspoken, he widened his eyes. "Oh, unless Anna 
\i isn't
\i0  the pet you were referring to, I apologize."\
Elsa gripped the arm of her throne tightly at the veiled barb. "Considering how eager you are to be at my beck and call and answer questions not directed to you, one could consider 
\i you 
\i0 my pet, Hans."\
"Sit, boy," Fabian said, and Elsa held back a smile of victory when Hans flushed at the slightly nervous laughter from the others. Of course, Alek remained sullen, and Edmund stood somber, but the others either had little care for Alvard or were relieved to have a distraction.\
"Now that we are thankfully free from the intrusion of fools, I will answer," Elsa said, unable to resist one last jibe. "The answer to your question, Gustaf, is both. Both treason and bringing harm to Princess Anna, my 
\i guest
\i0 , are challenges to my authority and will not be tolerated."\
"I can accept that \'97 Queen Elsa," Gustaf said, and Elsa was surprised to find his use of her title genuine. Over twenty years her elder, Gustaf had never challenged her but never quite approved of her rule, either. It was as though having the spine to kill of one of his brothers actually earned his respect.\
She should have simply accepted the good fortune, but Elsa couldn't hold back her curiosity. "Is it really so easy to accept the death of your brother?"\
"There is nothing to accept. Alvard deserved this fate for his actions, and I see nothing wrong with justice. Even against family; I'm sure you understand." Turning slightly to eye his brothers, lingering a moment longer on Alek, Gustaf continued, "And if anybody tries anything more, I will personally ensure Queen Elsa needs not dirty her hands next time."\
Uneasy agreement rang through the hall.\
Elsa was admittedly confused. Gustaf was the eldest and commanded the most authority, but up until now he had been apathetic to her rule. Either he was sincere and thought her actions commendable, or he was only covering his tracks. She highly doubted Alvard, brash as he was, would have gone to the extreme of assassinating her unless provoked. Could it be Gustaf\'85?\
"I agree, but there may be a larger conspiracy at hand," Saul said. "Please, allow me to look into the matter."\
Oliver and Reid nodded their agreement, almost always in line with their older brother. "If there are any other conspirators\'97"\
"That will be unnecessary." Elsa knew better than to dig further into the mess and implicate others, not when one prince was already dead by her hand. It wouldn't do to start more conflict. "As no lasting harm was done, I will let this matter rest."\
"So was Anna all right?" Edmund asked. He flushed when Fabian leered and Cyrus joined in with a rude comment \'97 Cyrus and Fabian, the poltergeist brothers \'97 but after fervently denying the lecherous accusations, he immediately looked back to Elsa.\
"\'85She was unharmed."\
Edmund exhaled slowly. "That's good."\
"If nobody has anything else to say, this meeting is adjour\'97"\
Once again, Edmund cleared his throat. "Err, sorry. I have something else."\
Tobias scowled. "Must we sit through your inane questioning?"\
"It's important!" Edmund cried. "It's about \'97 Alvard. Can I ask that, well, he still be given a royal burial? I know it's against the rules, but I can't imagine him being stripped of his title and everything. Please."\
Slowly, Elsa nodded. Edmund bowed his thanks with a toothy grin.\
"Still a child," Elsa murmured. "I will arrange for the burial. All of you are dismissed, but take care to remember your place. I do not wish for another repeat incident, and I'm sure none of you desire the same end."\
With the threat hanging over their heads, all the princes filed out. Elsa wondered which ones were uninvolved, which ones were calculating how this would affect them. Out of the twelve, she noticed Hans taking an especially long glance at Alvard's body before walking out, steps just marginally quicker than the others.\
She supposed she should have known.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She didn't manage to catch a wink of sleep, so when the door opened Anna immediately heard.\
"You're back!" Anna sprang out of bed when Elsa stepped into the room, but once the queen actually looked at her, she forgot her carefully prepared speech and stood there tongue-tied. She thought she might start sweating if it wasn't so cold. "Uhh, you're, umm\'85you're fine?"\
"I am unharmed," Elsa answered, but she sounded uncertain. Uncertain of 
\i what
\i0 , Anna didn't realize until Elsa added, "I'm\'85surprised you asked."\
"Of course I'd ask. What kind of person 
\i wouldn't 
\i0 ask?" Anna frowned when Elsa stayed silent and closed the door behind her, slowly, trying to avoid her again. Well, this time she wouldn't have it. "Are we going to do the silent thing again? Because trust me, I grew up with four walls, I can do this all day."\
"I meant no offense. Only\'85" Elsa trailed off. Determined to get a real answer, Anna fixed her with a heavy stare. When Elsa raised an eyebrow, she remembered she had as much presence in front of the regal queen as 
\i maybe 
\i0 a bug, but whether amused or otherwise, Elsa deigned to continue. "Not many people would worry for me. No one would think it necessary."\
"Because of your powers?" Anna could understand that, just a little, thinking of how Elsa commanded ice and snow like the cold was a part of her, and more recently how lightning tore from her fingertips. But still\'85 "That's not any reason to not worry for you." The longer Anna thought about it, the more indignant she became. If someone really cared, her powers shouldn't matter.\
Did no one ever tell her that?\
Elsa only shrugged. "Assassination attempts are not altogether rare, though Alvard came as a surprise. I am more than prepared for attempts on my life. Worrying for me is pointless."\
It took Anna a moment to process that, 
\i really 
\i0 process that, and she stood there mutely until Elsa frowned and she snapped back to life with a vengeance. "So you're saying people try to kill you on a regular basis and you just, what, fend for yourself?" And then 
\i Alvard
\i0 . "Wait, Alvard is one of the princes! Why would he\'97"\
"You were the one to tell me how much I was hated," Elsa said, a stiff smile on her face. Anna wished Elsa were angry. Anything would have been better than the wry resignation that felt like a physical blow knocking her breath away, guilt and shame coming all at once when she realized how horrible she had been.\
"I didn't mean\'85" Anna clamped her mouth shut. She 
\i had 
\i0 meant it.\
"After that night," Elsa murmured, "I believed you would always hate me."\
"What I said that time..."\
"I fully deserved," Elsa said, cutting off Anna's protest. "I'm sorry I cannot explain more."\
Before Anna could figure out what to say, Elsa suddenly hissed and stumbled, trying her absolute hardest to stay on her feet before her leg wobbled and finally collapsed under her. She fell to one knee, her hand flying to her shoulder as a dull groan escaped her lips.\
"Are you all right?" Anna exclaimed, dropping next to the queen. She looked over to see blood seeping through the back of Elsa's dress, crimson quickly blossoming through the sheer fabric. "Y-You're bleeding! But I saw \'97 I thought you were all better!"\
"It was only temporary," Elsa admitted.\
Before the queen could protest, Anna grabbed her hands and helped her up. She wasn't wearing her gloves, and the instant they touched, Anna felt the coldness of her skin. Not dangerously so, not the ice Anna had expected but comforting, like somehow holding onto the feeling of a passing breeze.\
Elsa gasped again, but not from pain. "Anna, please, you'll be hurt." She tried to jerk her hands back, but Anna held on, sure she would fall without support.\
"I've managed this long, I'm sure I won't suddenly die of frostbite." At once Elsa stopped struggling, looking as though she were dazed. Smiling a little despite herself, Anna helped her over to the bed. "I'll go call someone\'97"\
"No," Elsa said, too quickly, forgetting her previous aversion and gripping Anna's wrist tightly when she tried to turn.\
"Why? You need help\'97"\
"Exactly. People cannot know that I am vulnerable." Elsa let go and involuntarily bent inwards again, another hiss escaping her clenched teeth. Anna realized how much it must 
\i really
\i0  hurt, if even always-controlled Elsa couldn't hold it back. But even still, she forced past the pain to insist, sounding deathly afraid, "No one can know, I can't let them see\'97"\
"All right, all right," Anna said, sitting Elsa down when she tried to rise. "Don't move. Are there still bandages and things from last time?" Elsa nodded, pointing with a shaking finger to the dresser nearby, and Anna immediately rummaged through it. She had been looking for ointments and bandages, but she couldn't help but notice there weren't any clothes.\
Returning to Elsa, Anna realized their roles had been reversed in only two days. Two mornings ago, it had been Elsa caring for 
\i her
\i0 . Maybe Elsa realized it too because she smiled, just a little, her eyes conveying her amusement more than her face. Anna had thought Elsa emotionless, but these past few days she learned otherwise. Elsa might be cold on the outside, but she had the most expressive eyes Anna had ever seen and they spoke more than words could. Other people smiled with their lips. Elsa smiled with her eyes.\
"I don't actually know how to do this," Anna admitted, embarrassed but quietly pleased with how Elsa's eyes lit up again with amusement. "Err, should I take your dress off? Wait, that didn't come out right."\
"It would be prudent." With a wave of her hand, Elsa was left sitting there without her top.\
Anna couldn't help herself. She squealed and dropped everything, hands flying up to cover her eyes, but she peeked through her fingers when Elsa 
\i laughed.
\i0  Not a full-blown laugh, only a contained chuckle that was more like a series of short breaths, but Anna was amazed to hear it anyway. Even Elsa widened her eyes once she realized what she was doing.\
"U-Uhh." Anna cleared her throat and quickly picked up all the supplies, ducking her head to hide her reddening face. "Sooooo. How did you do that?" She was looking for anything to talk about, shuffling quickly to the other end of the bed and clambering up.\
"Oh. I made the dress out of my ice."\
"Th-That's really impressive! It's very beautiful."\
"\'85Thank you."\
Anna sat behind Elsa and tried to steady her shaking hands. It was hard not to be nervous, not so much because of the reopened gash \'97 certainly horrible, long and jagged, though the bleeding had at least stopped \'97 but because of proximity. Elsa was just sitting there topless in only her undergarments, and Anna would be lying if she said she wasn't terrified. Taking a deep breath, Anna gently brushed away platinum blonde hair, as soft as silk on her fingers, and then carefully wiped the blood away.\
"I'm not sure the bandages are going to be enough," Anna said, eyeing the open wound.\
"I won't need them. My body will heal by itself, I only needed more time."\
Explained why the gash had closed before, but not exactly how it happened in the first place. Anna shrugged it off easily. She was getting used to Elsa's little quirks. Maybe a little too used to them, but whatever. "Well, we still need to make sure you don't get an infection."\
"\'85Why do you care? About me?" Elsa whispered.\
"You saved me. Isn't it just normal for me to worry when you got hurt because of me?"\
Elsa blinked and tilted her head. "But you were also targeted because of me. I owe you an apology\'97"\
"Enough with the apologies," Anna snapped, but the moment the words left her mouth, she winced at how much harsher it sounded than she meant. Elsa looked away. "S-Sorry, I didn't mean \'97 I just think \'97 I'm just saying you don't have to always say sorry. I'm grateful, really grateful."\
"\'85Then I will also tell you, being grateful is unnecessary. I did what I wanted to."\
For a long moment, they simply looked at each other silently. For Anna it was like seeing Elsa clearly for the first time, without the preconceptions she held from their first meeting and the resentment she felt from her captivity. It was impossible to resent her now, when she thought of Elsa throwing herself in the way of a deadly projectile, enduring this pain, just to save her. Elsa was such a contradiction. She bore the potential for wanton destruction, yet she handled Anna with such tender care. She could break her without a thought, but Anna knew she never would.\
Had Elsa always looked this way, this insecure? Clutching her arms tightly to herself, injured and unable to ask for help, looking so elegant and yet out of place, Elsa was anything but what Anna had thought.\
"Are you all right, Anna?"\
That snapped her out of it.\
"R-Right, I'll just get started now," Anna mumbled.\
Okay, this couldn't be that hard. Fumbling with the disinfectant and very almost spilling it everywhere when the cap popped off and shot across the room \'97 Elsa shifted, just a little, to follow it with her eyes \'97 Anna at last managed to get some on a cotton pad. She froze, though, when confronted with the actual injury. How was she even supposed to know what to do? She wasn't a professional. How had Elsa done it? Was 
\i she 
\i0 a professional? Anna doubted it.\
"I'm ready for this," Anna muttered under her breath. "I was 
\i born 
\i0 ready!"\
With visceral strength she swiped the gash with disinfectant, and Elsa flinched away.\
"Oh, God, I'm so sorry!" Anna dropped the cotton pad like it was a deadly weapon. "I swear I didn't do that on purpose; I have no idea how to do this, and I'm pretty sure I'm not qualified, and, and\'97"\
"Anna, I'm fine."\
"\'85O-Okay. You're fine, and I'm calm." Anna took a deep breath. "I'll try to be careful."\
Elsa's muscles were tense. Anna could feel it the instant she touched her, could feel muscles tightening into knots, and she saw Elsa wringing the blankets in her hands. The disinfectant must have hurt, but Elsa never made the slightest sound or even breathe any quicker. Or at all, Anna realized. Just another quirk to file away, but actually touching Elsa, she couldn't feel even the slightest hint of movement.\
"Just relax," Anna said.\
"I may still hurt you," Elsa muttered. "Touching my bare skin, I might accidentally hurt you; I don't have enough control to guarantee your safety. I'm allowing myself to indulge too much as it is."\
"We've touched before, and nothing happened."\
"It's strange to me as well," Elsa said, craning her head to meet Anna's gaze, eyes burning with some strange emotion she couldn't identify. "I \'97 I don't know why, but\'85you're the only person I can touch." She looked down at her hands, those same hands Anna had seen perform beautiful, beautiful magic, and then quickly away again like she couldn't stand the sight of them.\
She sounded so painfully unsure, and it dawned on Anna that this was the most Elsa had ever revealed of herself to her, maybe to anyone. She heard the underlying desperation and hope mingled in Elsa's voice, and something in her welled with pity for this isolated queen. She had to know.\
"How long have you been alone?" Anna asked quietly.\
For a long moment, she thought Elsa wouldn't answer. A terrible silence descended on the room, punctuated by the snowstorm outside suddenly picking up in ferocity, ice shards slamming against the windows with loud thumps. Just as Anna started to regret asking, an answer came.\
"\'85I don't remember," Elsa said. "Years. For as long as I can remember, I haven't been able to touch anyone without hurting them. And once people realized I was dangerous\'85"\
Years without human contact, then. Anna had been raised behind closed gates, but even she had Kai and Gerda and all the friendly hired hands, and best of all, Pappa. She couldn't imagine living without the comfort and warmth of something as simple as a hug.\
"What about your parents?" Surely they would\'85\
"They disapproved of my gift." Just the way Elsa said it sent shivers down Anna's spine, monotonous beyond even her usual tone, the voice of someone dead to the world. Before her eyes the gash on Elsa's back closed, this time hopefully permanently, but she was starting to think Elsa might prefer healing the mundane way.\
That was when she noticed. Where the gash had been, only unmarked skin was left. But beside it\'85\
"What are these marks?" Anna asked, trailing her fingers over ropy ridges on Elsa's back. Scars, she realized, extremely old and so milky they were almost invisible, but still obviously scars. She would never have expected any blemish like this on the queen.\
"\'85Punishment."\
Anna jerked away. "I \'97 I'm so sorry." Even if Elsa had bothered to respond, she knew how inadequate those meaningless words were. She was apologizing for digging up what Elsa obviously wanted to forget, but the damage was done and the evidence would always be there. "You didn't deserve that."\
Elsa said nothing.\
Later, Anna wouldn't know what came over her. It was purely instinct, driven by concern and sympathy and compassion, and maybe if she had stopped to think she would not have dared; but all she knew in that instant was that she couldn't let Elsa be alone for a single moment longer, not when she could see her starting to retreat behind a mask again after only just revealing her humanity.\
Anna leaned forward and hugged Elsa from behind.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa hadn't been expecting it at all.\
One moment she had been lost in memory, and the next\'85\
Warmth. Warmth like she had never felt before, pressed flush against her skin, and her first instinct was panic. G
\i et away, get away before you hurt her, get away before she realizes what you are.
\i0  She moved to pull away, only for Anna to catch her wrists and cross their arms together across her waist. Elsa thought she felt something stir where her heart had been, a flutter that was a cross between panic and pleasure. Anna was holding her so close. Elsa could smell the fragrance of her hair, hear the soft sounds of her breathing, feel the comfort of her warmth and the rhythm of her heartbeat, all of it intensely alive.\
She had been so very cold without even realizing how much she craved warmth.\
She had never felt this before, being cared for.\
She desperately wanted, 
\i needed
\i0 , to just let go and give in this one time.\
So Elsa closed her eyes and leaned back, content to bask in this small shred of warmth she had found in the winter she always lived in.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 7: Diamond Dust
\b0 \
"I told you it wouldn't work."\
Hans looked away from Tobias with a scoff, eyes glancing over the dusty tomes of the library with disinterest. It was, as with all other parts of the castle, frigid; except with all the irreplaceable, 
\i precious 
\i0 works stored here, very few lamps were lit and braziers even fewer, making it a great deal colder than Hans liked to deal with. All the windows in the world didn't help with lighting either, not with the perpetual snowstorm raging around the castle, so they were left in a cold, dark vault.\
Gods knew why Tobias liked this place so much.\
"I never expected it to," Hans answered. "I would be a fool to think Alvard capable of killing Elsa."\
"Then why, exactly, did you feel the need to push our brother to his untimely death?"\
If he didn't know better, he might have thought Tobias cared. "I wanted to see what would happen."\
"A flimsy excuse for a sloppy job." Tobias leaned his chair back, far back, legs outstretched and feet clamped down on the top and bottom of the desk to keep from falling. He fixed Hans with a stare. "But then, Alvard may have been 
\i our 
\i0 brother, and not 
\i yours
\i0 ."\
It took much, much more effort to control his temper than Hans was used to, but with practiced ease he still repressed the age-old resentment. Not many of his brothers would outright mention the suspicious circumstances of his birth \'97 a mother pregnant for much shorter than ten months, giving birth to a child dissimilar to the king \'97 but Hans knew what they and their father thought.\
Markus had never believed Hans to be of his blood.\
Even if he were not thirteenth in line, he would never have a chance at the throne.\
"So do you care after all?" Hans asked.\
"Well, no," Tobias admitted. "What are brothers but otherwise unrelated people placed together by chance? Blood doesn't matter. Still, losing Alvard for such a fool scheme is unfortunate. I would have preferred to extract greater use before discarding him."\
"On the contrary, now we have Alek as a replacement," Hans said, watching carefully as Tobias snorted and slammed his chair back down. "Angry as he is, he should be easy to use."\
"Rubbish to replace trash. That is your grand plan?" Tobias shook his head, one hand brushing his hair back. "I feel that my time is wasted on you, Hans, when you cannot see the benefits of your own actions."\
"Oh?"\
"It was also a good test of how the Arendelle girl comes into play," Tobias said. "And, as we have seen, she is very much something we can exploit."\
As though he really couldn't see, but as usual, Hans allowed himself to be underestimated. "And how would you suggest we do so?"\
"Edmund asked about her welfare, and Elsa said she was unharmed. Think about that." Tobias stood and picked up a small lamp from the table, bringing it up to the shelves of heavy tomes. Fingers skimming over the spines with what Hans considered an unhealthily loving touch, Tobias at last stopped at one volume and slid it out.\
"I'm not following you," Hans said.\
"Of course you don't," Tobias sighed. "Think back to what happened. From what I gather, Elsa actually caught her, with bared hands. You do not find it strange she was unharmed?"\
"So Anna has some form of resistance to Elsa's powers." Hans raised an eyebrow. "You cannot expect her to kill Elsa for us?" As ironic as it would be, Hans couldn't see it happening.\
"Must everything be so morbid with you?"\
Tobias opened the book, and Hans could imagine how often he must peruse it when he cracked it open to the exact page he wanted. When his brother beckoned him forward, Hans leaned in to take a closer look. Rather than cracked, yellowing parchment like what Hans had imagined, the pages were pristinely preserved, perfectly white; and the black text, though seemingly handwritten, was bold and legible.\
Was that thing\'85perhaps a mirror?\
"What is this?" Hans asked.\
At times like these, he remembered why he enlisted Tobias in the first place. It was not like him to spend hours poring over the volumes here, but Tobias had knowledge that he could use. It helped, of course, that despite his intelligence Tobias also thought himself above him. Otherwise, Hans had the feeling Tobias would never divulge all this to someone he considered a threat.\
"My theory about Elsa," Tobias answered. "And if I'm correct, the road to the throne. You will, of course, remember the sealed topmost tower? Do convince your little project to take a trip there."\
"You're assuming Anna will listen to me?"\
Tobias smiled. "But that is your use to me, 
\i brother
\i0 , for I lack your charming voice and pleasing face. I'll make sure to reward you well when I am king."\
"\'85Of course."\
And when 
\i Hans 
\i0 was king, he would make sure to punish Tobias for his insolence.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was a little awkward in the morning.\
Still, it wasn't even as bad as last night. Anna hadn't noticed at first, but Elsa had fallen asleep in her embrace. Not the light sleep she had witnessed last time, not the type of sleep where Elsa prepared herself to spring to action at a moment's notice \'97 which Anna now knew was likely a defense against assassination \'97 but actual deep sleep. After a brief moment of panic when she noticed Elsa 
\i still 
\i0 wasn't breathing and thought she had 
\i died
\i0 , Anna saw a very, very weak rise and fall to her chest.\
Once her heart steadied, Anna carefully laid Elsa down in bed and tucked her in.\
And then very creepily watched.\
When Anna realized what she was doing, she flushed so badly she thought she must look like a beacon of red light in the dark room, and not even the persistent chill could cool her down. She was just more and more fascinated, and the thought that Elsa needed 
\i sleep
\i0 , at least, once again made her distinctly more human. Of course, Elsa didn't end up with bedhead and didn't snore or drool or anything, but she would take what she could get.\
It was still strange to see how much more relaxed Elsa looked while asleep, and even stranger still to be able to watch the cold, regal expression gradually soften. Only at moments like these did Anna realize Elsa wasn't that much older than her. Without the tension lining her face, Elsa could be any other normal person. A rather beautiful one for sure, but\'85\
\'85oh, a strand of hair actually fell over her face. Well! Anna smiled a little at the thought that Elsa's hair could be messed up after all. The wispy platinum-blonde lock fell directly over her nose, and Elsa twitched at the feathery touch. Anna fought hard to repress a laugh when Elsa crinkled her nose, and to let her sleep, she carefully brushed the strand away and tucked it behind her ear.\
Anna had intended to sneak back to her own room after a while, though she wasn't quite sure when exactly that was. Maybe there would be some divine signal for her to go. So, sitting there on the bed as Elsa slept, Anna let her mind wander, first from recalling the busy days since she had arrived and then to more pleasant things like chocolate and marshmallows; and eventually her eyelids fluttered so badly even the moonlight streaming in through the windows dimmed, and Anna thought maybe she should go.\
She woke the next morning snuggled up next to Elsa.\
"\'85Good morning," Elsa said, when Anna simply stared at her with ever-widening eyes, breathing picking up into short spurts before stopping altogether. While she squeaked incomprehensible noises, Elsa frowned. "Are you all right? Is this\'85a normal reac\'97"\
Anna released her pent-up breath into a piercing scream. She clutched the covers close to herself before screaming even louder at the sight of Elsa 
\i still
\i0  without her top, and so she threw them towards the queen, flailing, shoving Elsa away \'97 
\i Oh God, I just felt her up \'97 
\i0 before shuffling backwards in a hurry and tumbling off the bed. Impacting rather harshly on her back knocked the breath out of her again, and so Anna stared up, speechless, as Elsa peered over with eyebrows knitted together.\
"Fine," Anna gasped. "I-I'm fine. Just surprised me. Clothes. Please."\
"Oh." Looking down and realizing her state of undress, Elsa slid off the other end of the bed, took a few more steps away, and then carefully waved her hand over herself. Ice shards spread from the remaining fabric at her waist and slowly snaked its way upward, coalescing into Elsa's usual flowing gossamer dress.\
Almost the usual, except\'85\
"Do the proportions seem a little off?" Anna asked, picking both herself and the last shreds of her dignity up from the floor.\
"Not just a little." Elsa grimaced and pulled at the shoulder, once again exposing her collarbones as Anna veered her eyes away. "I have trouble with this sort of magic now." Another wave of her hand and the dress stretched out in a light flurry of ice particles, reforming at an even worse angle. Elsa waved her hand again, this time with impatient force, only for a similar result.\
"
\i You 
\i0 have trouble with it?"\
"My control is\'85tenuous at best," Elsa admitted, looking up sheepishly once her dress had been fitted to satisfaction.\
Anna tried to smooth down her hair as best she could, but the puffiness overcame her efforts. With her hands still clamped down on a fistful of hair at the top of her head, she said, "But this is you we're talking about. I mean, I've seen you change the 
\i weather
\i0 . Like maybe I can't control my hair, but you, I thought you could do anything."\
"Larger feats are easier by comparison," Elsa said. "When I was younger I could create more things, but my powers grew stronger and stronger, until now\'85well."\
"Oh." Thinking back to yesterday, Anna realized something 
\i had 
\i0 been strange. "Is that why you didn't, uhh, freeze the arrow or something?" Or blow it off-course with wind, Anna thought. Or block it with a wall of ice. Or throw a snowball at it. Or a lot of other things; Anna had a rather active imagination.\
"Most of what I do targets a large range, for maximum effect," Elsa confirmed, unwittingly reminding Anna of the large-scale destruction of her invasion, and then the training exercise. Come to think of it, she had never seen Elsa do anything 
\i small. 
\i0 "I would likely have killed you too, and I didn't want to risk it."\
Morbid thought. "Wait, should you even be telling me this?" Anna asked. "I mean, this seems like pretty sensitive stuff."\
"Probably not," Elsa said, rare smile on her face again, and Anna could have sworn her voice took on a teasing edge when she added, "I'm almost sure this counts as top-secret information."\
"Like your uppermost tower?"\
Elsa sobered so quickly Anna got whiplash, smile dropping into her stone-like mask and voice training back to an impassive monotone. She nodded once, with all the professional air of a queen once more. But not like an entirely different person. Anna could tell she was just putting on airs now. "Yes," Elsa said stiffly. "If you'd like, we can go to the dining hall now."\
"\'85Uhh, if I might make a small request first?"\
Elsa blinked.\
"\'85Where's your bathroom?"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 After washing and waking up just a little more, Anna followed Elsa to the dining room. It was another strange experience, actually walking there with Elsa; Anna had been led by a butler the last few times, and she found herself unsure about 
\i where 
\i0 to walk relative to the queen. Trying desperately to remember her etiquette lessons, Anna flew through the options and decided the safe choice would be a step behind and to the side, respectful and deferent.\
But when did she ever pick the safe choice?\
Elsa raised a brow when Anna took a large step forward and walked beside her, but she took the change in stride. Grinning widely and walking with a spring in her step, Anna eventually overtook Elsa and ended up leading 
\i her
\i0 . Elsa followed, smiling and shaking her head in amusement. They took their place at the overly long table, but this time, as Anna stared across the three meters\'85\
"We should really do something about this," Anna said.\
Elsa tilted her head in question.\
"Isn't this a little much when it's just the two of us?" Anna stood up and took great lumbering steps from her end to Elsa, making a show of stretching her arms out stiffly. When Elsa only blinked, she dropped the act and huffed, "Well, I'm done having to scream across the table when we talk. It's like we're on opposite sides of a river or something."\
Struck by sudden inspiration, Anna snatched up a plate, piled it with jelly cookies and krumkake, and plopped down on the floor.\
"\'85Anna, what are you doing?"\
"Eating comfortably," Anna replied over a bite of krumkake. Truth be told, the seatback had been rigidly straight and uncomfortably hard, but there was another reason she was doing this.\
Elsa acted as though she wasn't the slightest bit perturbed, but Anna noticed the way she kept glancing from the table over to her. She didn't pay it any mind and just continued eating, savoring the sweet desserts that tasted much better than they had the previous days, bursting with flavor over her tongue. Probably something to do with her mood, but Anna could find it in herself to enjoy them now. Especially when Elsa actually started fidgeting, or as close to it as she would ever come, fingers lightly tapping on the table like playing the piano.\
Finally, Elsa sighed and glanced down. "Are you sure you won't come back up?"\
"You can come join me instead," Anna said, patting a spot next to her.\
"It isn't proper."\
"Nothing wrong with that once in a while."\
"Will you at least eat more than just dessert?"\
"If you ate anything at all."\
Elsa closed her eyes and exhaled through her nose, the corners of her lips twitching upwards. "If you insist." Anna watched with glee as Elsa took up a plate and, just as she did, skipped over the actual breakfast foods and loaded it with chocolate. She had a sweet tooth too!\
"Hey, what happened to eating more than just dessert?" Anna grinned when Elsa sat down on the floor next to her, only about a foot away instead of that dreadful distance before. Of course, Elsa still made sitting much more graceful than it ought to be, folding her legs to one side, the slit of her dress riding up just enough to reveal a flash of skin. Anna sat with her legs crossed under her and felt like a barbarian.\
"If I must eat, I suppose I should eat something I like," Elsa said. Anna watched with bated breath as she carefully raised a piece of chocolate to her lips \'97 a truffle, Anna's practiced eyes picked out, most likely a raspberry truffle \'97 and bit down.\
Such an expression of surprise and delight washed over Elsa's normally controlled face that Anna had to fight back giggles; but she ended up bursting into laughter anyway when Elsa hesitated for a fraction of a second, and then threw the whole truffle into her mouth and chewed away, the large piece of chocolate bulging out the side of her cheek.\
"See? It's good, right?" Anna leaned forward excitedly and tried to steal one, only for Elsa to quickly smack her hand away. "Oh, you did not just\'97"\
"Eat your own," Elsa said.\
"I thought you didn't even eat! And the one time I see you eating, you start pigging out on me?"\
Swallowing, Elsa picked up another piece and ate it a little slower this time, mulling over the taste and tongue poking out to lick the edge of her lip. "I only learned from your example."\
Except she didn't make eating look anywhere near that good, Anna thought, and the words were right on the tip of her tongue before she stopped herself.\
"You're red again," Elsa said.\
"No!" Anna fanned herself, to no avail. When she saw Elsa raise a hand to cover her smile, an impulse ran wild through her thoughts. Before she could think twice, she grabbed Elsa's hand and pressed it to her reddening cheek.\
Elsa let out the tiniest of gasps before regaining her composure, a slight second slipup that was at once barely noticeable and startling. "Anna. What are you doing?"\
"Cooling myself down."\
"You are very strange," Elsa murmured, but she didn't pull away.\
Anna was just about to respond when she felt Elsa trace a thumb over her cheek, and she stilled. She wasn't cooling down any; if anything she felt herself heating up even more despite the comfortable cold of Elsa's skin, and she didn't even know how that was 
\i possible
\i0  but it was happening. Elsa widened her eyes and drew back once she realized what she was doing, and Anna's slackened grip gave no resistance.\
"Umm, that was awkward. Sorry, I-I'm awkward." Anna took a deep breath and laughed nervously. "S-So, uhh, why don't you eat more often?"\
Elsa seemed grateful for a change of subject and readily answered, "It helps to portray invincibility. It makes it seem as though I'm above the others, if I don't need to eat or drink. And chocolate\'85"\
"Not the most mature food," Anna finished, laughing at the thought of Elsa commanding a bunch of princes with chocolate smeared across her lips. "So how long has it been?"\
"It's been a while."\
"A while since you last ate chocolate, or ate at all?" Anna snorted at her own joke. As if Elsa really didn't eat. Honestly, the more she thought about it, the sillier she found her old belief. "All right, so what else do you like\'97"\
"Actually, Anna, there are some matters I must discuss with you." Elsa replaced the truffle and lightly flicked her fingers. The faint chocolate smears on her fingertips froze over and flaked off.\
She sounded completely serious again. Anna wondered what she had said that might have triggered the abrupt shift, something she was beginning to realize Elsa used as a self-defense mechanism; but there wasn't much else she could do but wait for her to slowly break out of it.\
"And what would these 
\i matters 
\i0 be?"\
"Regarding the recent\'85incident. I did not expect you would be in danger."\
"I'm fine, though," Anna said. Thanks to Elsa. If this was leading into another apology\'85\
"For now, but I would like to guarantee your safety. If it is not disagreeable to you, I would move your quarters to mine."\
"That sounds fine. Whatever you think is best."\
Elsa tilted her head. "Do you\'85entirely understand what I am proposing?"\
"Sure, you want to\'85" Anna ran over the 
\i proposal 
\i0 one more time, which had gone in one ear and out the other. "Wait, what? Okay, wait, wait. Are you saying you want me to stay in your room?"\
Elsa nodded.\
"\'85Oh."\
"I know it may be improper, but I would feel more secure knowing that you are safe," Elsa said quickly, leaning forward as she spoke. "I had hoped distancing you might help you avoid undue attention, but at this point I must make it clear to the others that you are under my protection. And you are, after all, my responsibility. If anything happened to you\'97"\
"It's fine!" Anna cleared her throat and said again, a little quieter, "It's fine, I mean, really. I don't have any, uhh, disagreement towards it."\
And she really didn't. All through breakfast, Anna had acted the way she normally did around anyone, without even realizing how much her dynamic with Elsa had changed. Only now did she see it. She really didn't have a problem with the arrangement and, by extension, Elsa herself. Quite the opposite, actually, and she wasn't sure how it had happened. She wasn't sure she even needed to.\
"Then \'97 I'm glad," Elsa murmured. She raised her head. "Anna. May I ask you a question?"\
"Of course."\
"\'85Are you afraid of me?" Elsa asked, ice-blue eyes boring into hers, searching for an answer she needed but had been denied.\
"No," Anna said. "I'm not afraid."\

\i I've never been afraid of you.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 8: A Kingdom of Isolation
\b0 \
Anna spent much of the day shadowing Elsa.\
Not that she really had much choice in the matter, since Elsa wanted to ensure her safety; Anna figured after Elsa turning the last assassin into a human lightning rod, the next try might be a little later down the road. But, whatever. She didn't have much else to do, anyway.\
But what Anna hadn't been expecting was sitting around watching Elsa struggle through paperwork. Her office was pretty enough, a large space with all the usual bells and whistles: glass bookcases crammed with official-looking things no one ever read; grandfather clock situated against the wall and chiming every fifteen minutes; and an ivory desk finished with gold leaf, oddly situated above a slightly raised dais. Everything had a distinctly white tint. Anna was currently reclining on a cream-colored sofa set embossed with gold, and watching in consternation.\
"I don't get it. How come you have paperwork when you're\'85?"\
She didn't want to say dictator. Luckily Elsa seemed to both get the hint and not take offense, eyes moving back and forth as she continued to skim document after document with dizzying speed.\
"There are many things I must oversee personally."\
"Such as\'85?"\
"Managing the allocation of resources among our territories. The people of the Southern Isles also depend on supply caravans that I have to ration, and all of this has to be done promptly and efficiently," Elsa said. "I cannot do this if I lack full understanding of everything happening, hence the reports."\
"Have you thought about a helper? You know, out of the princes. Shouldn't they pull their weight? I don't see any of them doing anything\'85"\
Anything aside from assassination attempts, Anna thought somewhat bitterly. It wasn't entirely a surprise when Elsa answered, "I would rather handle this myself."\
"You really don't trust any of them?"\
"I suppose not; I only don't trust them 
\i enough
\i0 . I've known them for many years, and truthfully, there are those I could rely on." Elsa sighed, rubbing her temple with her thumb. If the growing grimace on her face was any indication, it didn't help. "But it's not entirely a matter of trust. I just\'85"\
"You're a workaholic?" Anna offered.\
"I would prefer to manage all this myself," Elsa agreed. "Markus charged me with overseeing his kingdom and so I will, to my greatest capability."\
Anna flopped down on the sofa, stretching out on the soft velvet but finding little comfort when she was so irate. "You said it, it's 
\i his 
\i0 kingdom. I don't see why his sons get to just leach off of you." Elsa only smiled in response, and Anna knew it was a moot point. "Whatever. So, tell me about them."\
"You are interested?"\
"In case I run into any of them," Anna said, shrugging.\
Elsa nodded. "Gustaf is the eldest, and closest with the second and third princes, Cyrus and Fabian. They have a strange relationship," Elsa said, shrugging. "Cyrus and Fabian can be\'85uncouth. Gustaf keeps them in line, and enjoys an idle lifestyle of chess and calligraphy."\
"Wow, talk about boring."\
"\'85Quite." Elsa cleared her throat. "Tobias is the fourth prince, and very fond of the libraries. Particularly, I hear, of the volumes concerning sorcery. Stefan, the fifth, is an artist. It is likely you will never see him leave his room for months at a time. And\'85Alvard was the sixth."\
Anna wrinkled her nose. "Oh." Not that she didn't feel bad about his death, but\'85\
"Truthfully, Alvard was not without qualities. Judgmental and perhaps self-righteous, but I would not have wished him dead. Alvard was very close to the ninth prince, Alek," Elsa added. "They jointly commanded the standing army and oversaw the castle defenses."\
"Not doing a great job," Anna grumbled.\
"Quite the contrary. All parts of the castle, save for my wing, are completely safe."\
Anna had been thinking about it, and she couldn't imagine how another nation would slip into the Southern Isles, not when ice sealed off the waters. Assuming it was even possible, they still wouldn't manage to smuggle many people. Most the assassins, then, came from inside the Southern Isles. She glanced out the window to watch the perpetual snowstorm, and she had to wonder: Did people here really despise their own queen that much?\
"Rafael, the seventh prince, is particularly gifted with music. Very talented, but predisposed to gloom. Eighth is \'97 Saul." Elsa suddenly stopped talking, eyes growing vacant, and Anna was surprised to see her frown. Was this Saul bad news? Only when she waved a hand did Elsa snap out of it. "Saul is close to the tenth and eleventh princes, Oliver and Reid. I believe you've met Edmund. As for Hans\'85"\
"I've met Hans too," Anna said.\
Instantly, the temperature of the room dropped. Frost collected even inside the grandfather clock, freezing the pendulum in place, and Anna swore the snowstorm outside grew in intensity.\
"\'85I'm guessing you don't like Hans." Strange, Anna thought, even Edmund said the same thing. Was she missing something? Hans had been a perfect gentleman the time they met.\
"There is nothing 
\i particularly 
\i0 wrong with Hans," Elsa admitted. "I believe his ambition is shared by many, only he takes the effort to conceal it. It worries me."\
"I'm sure you're overthinking it," Anna said.\
"Perhaps." Whatever Elsa said, she looked unconvinced.\
Well, this was getting uncomfortable. Anna wondered if Elsa was just paranoid; but then she remembered Alvard, and suddenly maybe a 
\i little 
\i0 paranoia wasn't too outrageous. What must it be like to be so alone, surrounded by enemies in your own home?\
"I'd help out," Anna offered. Elsa raised an eyebrow. "B-But I would probably screw everything up, so maybe not\'97"\
"You are assuming that I trust you," Elsa said, smiling again. Anna flushed, sitting up quickly, but just when she was about to protest, Elsa added, "I do, but I wouldn't burden you with this. You're my guest."\
Anna still had no idea why she was here, but the whole tell-me-about-Arendelle thing had to be a sham. Thinking of Arendelle brought a pang of nostalgia and, oddly, guilt. As much as her view of Elsa had changed, whenever the thought of Arendelle came up\'85\
"Anna?"\
"Oh! I was \'97 I was just \'97 thinking."\
As if on cue, a distraction came in the form of a light knock on the door. One of the princes came in \'97 Anna couldn't yet tell them apart, having seen only a few and talked to even fewer. He was of average height and slender, sandy-haired and fair-skinned, good-looking in an ordinary, gentle sort of way. None of his features were particularly striking, only they had no particular blemish either, otherwise plain if not for sharp electric-blue eyes. Not even sparing Anna a glance, he moved to stand at the base of the dais, where he was forced to look up to meet Elsa's eyes while she sat high above.\
So that was why the desk was raised.\
"Saul," Elsa greeted, and Anna perked up. Though Elsa kept her face blank, Anna could tell she was both surprised and unhappy to see Saul. Was he an enemy?\
"Your Majesty." Saul bowed, only rising when Elsa conferred permission. "I've completed the new ship designs, and they will be delivered shortly."\
"And you came here, personally, to inform me of such?" Elsa asked, sharp retort obviously on the tip of her tongue.\
"I \'97 I hoped to see you. I didn't have a chance before to ask if you were all right," Saul said, voice soft and concerned, and he made to step forward. Only when Elsa held up a hand did he stop.\
Oh. Not an enemy, Anna realized, but the exact opposite. She could see the admiration in his eyes, and his face held such longing it must have 
\i hurt
\i0 . No wonder he hadn't noticed her in the room; Saul only had eyes for Elsa. Anna felt an odd pang in her tightening chest, and even her stomach seemed to plummet. Only a moment ago Anna had wished there were someone Elsa could trust, and here was one at last; but for whatever reason, the sight of Saul made her uncomfortable.\
"As you can see, I am perfectly unharmed," Elsa said.\
"Then I'm satisfied. That's all I needed to know." Saul took a breath, composing himself, and he took a careful step back. Just like that, they looked like any other pair of ruler and subject.\
"Is that all?"\
"I've also prepared the supply caravan, and they'll be heading out any moment now." Even Elsa gave pause, and Saul's lips turned into a close-mouthed smile. "I wanted to lessen your burden. You know you can always rely on me, Elsa. Please. Just keep it in mind."\
"\'85Thank you," Elsa said. Anna was still reeling when Elsa added, quietly, "I will."\
"I take my leave," Saul murmured, turning towards the door, and only then did he notice Anna. If he was surprised, he didn't look it. Giving her a polite nod that Anna returned, albeit warily, he left.\
Elsa closed her eyes and rubbed at her temples again, this time with both hands. If Anna had wanted to ask more about Saul, she quickly decided against it. Her curiosity could wait until Elsa was more relaxed, and Anna wasn't sure she was curious for the right reason anyhow. And about those caravans\'85\
"Would it be all right for me to go with the supply people?" Anna asked. Elsa looked up in confusion and she explained, "I know one of the stable-hands, Kristoff Bjorgman, and I want to visit if that's okay. Oh! And Edmund wanted to go? If that's okay too?"\
Elsa eyed her carefully.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "I have no idea how you pulled it off, but from now on I worship you," Edmund gushed, making a show of swooning and almost falling into Kristoff's lap when the sled bounced over a particularly bumpy stretch of cobblestone.\
"I don't know how I did it either," Anna said.\
Kristoff heaved a great sigh and pushed Edmund away so he almost fell into Anna's lap, but to his credit he steadied himself before that happened. "So now I have to deal with the two of you while I'm working. Perfect, this is what I always wanted."\
Anna crossed her arms, and Edmund followed her example with aplomb. "Hey, you're making it sound like we're not welcome."\
"You said it, not me." Kristoff pulled back on the reins, and Sven slowed. Peering over the sled, Anna saw a thin layer of slick ice atop the snow, delaying the entire procession of supply sleds. "This really isn't that exciting. We just come out, pass out supplies, and go back."\
"Are you kidding? This is great, I barely have a reason to leave my room usually," Edmund said. Anna nodded fervently, thinking of the four walls back in Arendelle.\
"So you do this how often?" Anna asked.\
Kristoff shrugged. "Once a week, sometimes more if the storm is especially bad. It never leaves, but sometimes it manages to get worse. Somehow."\
Anna was slowly piecing together the bits and pieces she had picked up, and just looking outside she could tell the Southern Isles depended on foreign supplies. It wasn't as though anything could grow out here in the barren plains of ice, even if someone was crazy enough to try. Assuming Elsa really had no control over this winter, then\'85\
"Does she only invade other kingdoms so she can feed these people?" Anna muttered.\
She hadn't meant for anyone else to hear, but apparently she was louder than she thought. Edmund nodded and said, "Elsa's not that bad, really. She even let Alvard keep his title after\'85you know."\
"Is that a big thing?"\
"A huge thing," Edmund reported. "Tradition here is, trying to usurp the throne usually ends with your corpse being mutilated and strung up outside the gates for days."\
Before Anna could comment, Kristoff interjected, "Invasion is still invasion."\
"But she has a reason\'97"\
"There's always a reason," Kristoff said, and Anna quieted. "Listen, I'm not saying she's some sort of evil witch, and I respect what she's doing, 
\i here
\i0 , but look at it from another perspective. You can't deny that she still invades and kills and captures slaves."\
That was true, and just as Anna managed to accrue some small bit of reassurance, she was reminded again of bitter reality. Kristoff had hardened his face, and not even Edmund had anything to say about his fate. The rest of the ride was silent, broken only by the howling of the wind, the thudding of hooves on snow and the clanking of wheels.\
Once they were in the castle town, sleds slowly began to diverge from the front of the line and ride into the neighborhoods, a few at a time while the rest continued. Once they had moved to the front, Kristoff veered off to the side and down a narrower path with practically snowed-in homes on both sides.\
"Just throw the packages to their doorstep," Kristoff said, hefting one of the boxes and chucking it so it landed neatly in front of a house.\
"We don't even knock or anything?" Anna asked.\
Edmund likewise frowned. "I sort of wanted to see people\'85"\
"Well, they're not always glad to see you," Kristoff corrected.\
With that thought in mind, Anna joined the other two in launching packages out. Just as Kristoff had predicted, people came out to take the parcels, but hardly with any excitement; Anna could see the resignation written plain on their faces as they hurriedly retreated back into the warmth of their hearth, but even that was preferable to the contempt from those who lingered a second longer to watch them. With each passing moment this trip was becoming less fun, if it had ever been.\
Anna just felt cold, both inside and out.\
"I didn't realize things were this bad," Edmund mumbled.\
"\'85Yeah," Anna said back, but neither of them were much inclined to conversation anymore.\
Minutes and nearly the entire neighborhood later, they came to one house where, unlike any of the others before, there stood an elderly woman bundled in a multitude of thick woolen cloaks. When she saw them, she smiled and walked out a bit further.\
Maybe Kristoff realized how Anna was feeling, because he stopped the sled, handed her a parcel, and said, "Go ahead and give this to her personally."\
Anna took it gratefully and jumped out of the sled, nearly slipping before balancing herself. Taking a deep breath to steady her sudden nerves, she felt the icy air burn in her lungs and realized how horrid the old woman felt standing out there. Her nerves weren't important enough to delay this a moment longer, so Anna hurried over.\
"Hi, I'm, uhh, here with supplies," Anna began. She didn't know what else to say, so she hesitantly offered the package. To her relief, the woman accepted it and smiled again.\
"Thank you, dear."\
"A-Are you doing okay?" Anna asked. "I-I mean, I can try and, I don't know, get you something from the castle, or\'97"\
"I'm perfectly all right. Thank you again, dear, you and your friends there. I don't think these old bones would last without you."\
"But I haven't done anything. You should thank Elsa\'97"\
Instantly, the woman's demeanor changed. It was as though the kindly old grandmother had been possessed by something dark and ugly, smile twisting into something Anna couldn't recognize. She spat her next words with undisguised loathing. "Elsa can rot for what she's done to these lands." And just like that, she retreated into her house and slammed the door.\
But Elsa was the one who organized all of these things, Anna thought, though it was too late even if she weren't rendered speechless. Drawing another deep breath and hardly feeling the burn this time, she trudged back to the sled and clambered up.\
"\'85I'm sorry," Edmund said.\
"It's not fair. I don't get it," Anna whispered. "Why do people hate her so much?"\
"Didn't you too?" Kristoff asked.\
She had. She had hated Elsa so violently the thought of her used to make her sick, had hated her with every fiber of her being. Except now, as Kristoff directed Sven back to the castle and she looked up at the lonely spires up above, Anna wished people could know the Elsa she knew.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Kristoff dropped her off at the doors, and after she waved her goodbyes, Kristoff and Edmund left. Anna reminded herself to get Sven some carrots. Poor thing probably didn't get much rest, and she doubted Kristoff gave him all the treats he deserved. Not that Kristoff 
\i wouldn't 
\i0 if he could, but she knew his ability to procure fresh vegetables, probably more valuable than gold or silver here, was limited.\
"Anna!"\
She looked around at the call of her name, and to her surprise, she saw Hans staggering through the blizzard, one arm blocking his eyes as he walked. Anna started to jog over, glad to see him, until the memory of Elsa's warning resurfaced. She took a closer look at him, but his smile looked genuine and his eyes were, as always, warm like the green of spring. But still\'85\
"Hans! Wh-What are you doing here?" Anna asked. Wasn't it odd that the thirteenth prince coincidentally happened to be aimlessly riding through the snow to meet her last time, and again just so happened to be strolling through a blizzard as she got back? Would he have some excuse\'85?\
"Glad I caught you," Hans said. Anna hadn't been expecting the upfront answer at all, especially how he laughed nervously. "I-I don't know how to say this, but I was looking for you. I was worried after the news of the assassination, and Elsa's been keeping such tight watch on you that I haven't been able to visit. So when I heard you left with the supply caravan\'85"\
"O-Oh." Anna shook her head. What was she thinking? Hans meant well, and her doubting him like this was petty. "I'm okay! Nothing happened. Uhh, I'm sorry about Alvard\'85"\
"We weren't particularly close, but he was a good brother," Hans sighed. "But let's get inside before we talk. I'm sure you've been out long enough to last you a lifetime."\
Once they made the short trek back to the castle, Anna claimed a seat on one of the lounge sofas next to the braziers, warming her hands. When she got too close, feeling sparks dance over her fingers, she flinched back with a yelp.\
Hans chuckled and sat down next to her, tapping his boots to loosen some of the hardening rime. "Looks like I worried for no reason. You seem perfectly fine."\
"Still clumsy," Anna quipped.\
"Still Anna," Hans corrected, and his smile widened just the tiniest bit when she blushed and looked away. "Well. It's been a while since we were here, hasn't it?"\
Only a few days ago, but so much had happened since then it really did feel like forever. Anna nodded and looked down, clenching her dress as the momentary delight in seeing Hans started fading away and the disconcerting experiences of her recent traipse returned with a vengeance.\
"Is something wrong?"\
"Nothing!" Anna put on a smile and raised her head. "So! Why don't you tell me more about yourself?"\
Strangely, Hans furrowed his eyebrows, for once looking less than perfect. "You really want to know more about\'85me?"\
"Yeah, last time we spent most our time just talking about me," Anna said. "I wondered if you didn't like talking about yourself so I didn't ask too much, but then I thought, hey, I shouldn't make assumptions, maybe you were just being polite, so\'97"\
"There's really nothing very interesting," Hans interrupted.\
"Everybody has a story," Anna replied, and again, Hans looked troubled. "Sorry, I know I'm being pushy. We can talk about something else."\
"I don't mean to be rude; I'm just not sure what to say."\
"No, I understand."\
Hans nodded, smiling once again and looking much more at ease. "But I 
\i am 
\i0 sure that something was troubling you earlier. I'd be more than happy to listen if you want to talk."\
She had really wanted to keep her whole conflict about Elsa to herself, but Hans was looking at her so earnestly that she couldn't help telling him. "I just wonder what it must be like to be hated and feared by practically everyone," Anna murmured. "I can't even imagine\'85"\
"Being hated isn't so bad. True pain is to be ignored, to be denied even the chance to prove yourself," Hans whispered. Anna looked over just in time to see him jerk back, and even from his tone she could tell he hadn't meant to say all that. Hans shook his head. "Forget that, I'm sorry. Who are you talking about, exactly?"\
"Elsa," Anna answered, and Hans nodded.\
"They do say horrible things about her. All the servants talk about how she doesn't eat or drink, or even sleep, as though she is inhuman."\
"But I've seen her do all those things," Anna insisted.\
"Are you sure they weren't for your benefit?" Hans smiled wryly when Anna froze. "I've been here for my entire life and I've also been watching. Elsa simply doesn't eat enough to sustain herself."\
"\'85What are you saying?"\
"There's almost always some truth in rumor," Hans said. "And there are so many secrets surrounding the queen. I'm not sure if you've heard, but the uppermost tower\'85"\
Anna made a face. "Elsa's warned me about it."\
"There are outlandish theories about it, and Elsa has never cared to explain. If there were nothing worth hiding, then why the secrecy?" Hans sighed. "And this winter\'85"\
"She said she couldn't stop it." Hans looked skeptical. Anna admitted it sounded strange, but she thought there might be something more behind his doubt. "Do you hate her too, Hans?"\
Hans stilled, and for a long moment he didn't speak. When he did, his words left carefully measured, and Anna couldn't be sure if it was because he had taken time to consider, or if he was trying to hide his actual opinion. "No, I don't. I understand why others might, but I personally have no grudge against her. But, I would feel better knowing there were no ghastly sacrifices taking place in the tower," Hans joked.\
"Is 
\i that 
\i0 what they say?" Anna laughed.\
"Yes! And that's not even the worst\'85"\
They joked about the increasingly bizarre conspiracy theories, and Anna quite honestly got a kick out of the mind-blowingly creative guesses; but through it all, she couldn't help but wonder.\
What exactly 
\i was 
\i0 in that tower?\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Time passed quickly, and before Anna knew it, she had been in the Southern Isles for a full two weeks.\
It helped that she had an established routine now. Every morning, she woke to find Elsa already perfectly composed and ready to go, having been awake for hours and working on one thing or another. Even though Elsa told her to take her time, Anna always rushed through washing up but somehow managed to come out looking halfway decent, one of the few talents she cherished. They would then leave for brunch, seated at a much shorter table now. Afterwards, Anna stayed with Elsa while she worked in her office.\
She was starting to notice these little unconscious habits Elsa had. Whenever Elsa read over something particularly upsetting, she would nibble on her lower lip, and if something was especially boring, her fingers would move into a light rhythmic tap against her ivory desk. If Elsa bowed over too long, this one unruly strand of hair fell over her eye and she would let out a tiny hiss while she brushed it back.\
When she heard Anna stifle a giggle one time, Elsa had asked, "Is there something funny?"\
And Anna had just shaken her head, finding it even harder to stay quiet when Elsa's face scrunched up into a little frown of confusion.\
After lunch, Anna had her own exploration time. By the time the two weeks were over, she had scoured nearly the entire castle. Now and then, she would visit Kristoff and Sven in the stables, and she always made sure to bring carrots for Sven.\
"Nothing for me?" Kristoff asked once when Anna didn't bring him krumkake like he had requested. "I do a lot of work around here too\'85"\
"Oh, you do a lot of work? So tell me, how heavy was the sled you pulled around?" Sven whinnied in glee and Kristoff threw his hands up, walking away muttering about traitors while Anna fed the reindeer.\
Other days her exploration would be joined by Edmund or Hans, though never both at the same time.\
"Edmund and I are very different," Hans had explained, a much more political answer than Edmund's blunt, "I try my best to avoid him."\
Of course, she ran into many of the other princes. She encountered Gustaf in the lounge looking incredibly 
\i bored
\i0 , and he invited her to sit in on a game of chess. When Cyrus lost, he blamed it on her and Fabian called him a sore loser, and Gustaf just gave her a shrug like their impromptu fistfight was common business. Anna wisely backed out of there when he started flinging chess pieces at their heads and barking out orders to stop.\
Contrary to Elsa's prediction, she 
\i had 
\i0 seen Stefan, a quick glimpse when he destroyed one of the tackier paintings, muttering something under his breath about it being disgraceful. Edmund had introduced her to Rafael, and she was very much impressed when he composed a violin piece right then and there in celebration of their meeting. It sounded like a funeral dirge, but Edmund assured her that was a good sign. She learned from Rafael that Elsa could also play various instruments, but Anna had yet to muster the courage to ask her to play anything.\
"I'm sure she would if you just asked," Edmund said often. But whenever Anna asked him 
\i why
\i0 , he just looked away and grinned.\
Dinner came around quickly, and Anna now looked forward to the occasion so generally made it there early. Elsa never mentioned it, but Anna could see her smiling as she seated herself. Conversation was usually about Arendelle. If the first day had been uncomfortable, once she got used to the routine Anna found herself unable to 
\i stop 
\i0 talking about the home she missed. It helped that Elsa was a very good audience, paying full attention and asking the right questions. She seemed genuinely interested, drinking in 
\i anything
\i0  Anna said about her boring castle life with barely veiled fascination.\
And then one day, they got to the topic of her family.\
"Pappa's really overprotective, so the gates are almost always closed," Anna said. "But sometimes I manage to sneak out, and I'm pretty sure a lot of people in the market recognize me now\'97"\
"Your father loves you a lot, then?"\
"Uh-huh. I'm technically the heir, but Pappa's never made me do anything I didn't want to. Like all those classes and stuff! I only had to take the most important ones, and I know he doesn't mind when I'm all undignified even though I should be poised and regal and \'97 uhh, 
\i royal
\i0 , like you." Anna was so lost in memory she didn't notice Elsa growing quiet until it was too late. By the time she knew, Elsa had already trained her face into an expressionless mask, which Anna knew was her way of looking troubled.\
Anna could have kicked herself. She 
\i knew 
\i0 about Elsa's parents, and she had to keep talking about her own like she was flaunting her happy family.\
"\'85I remember when I first came here," Elsa said. "I was just another commoner until Markus took me in, and I was grateful. I was trained to be, as you say, 
\i royal
\i0 ."\
"Did you like it?" Anna asked softly.\
Elsa smiled wryly and shook her head. "I wanted to impress the man who had rescued me, but I hated all the etiquette lessons. I would sneak chocolates, sometimes."\
Anna laughed, partly amused and partly relieved Elsa didn't seem offended. "I can't imagine you breaking the rules. You just seem so\'85perfect."\
"I'm hardly perfect," Elsa said. "Can you tell me more, Anna?"\
"Sure! Oh, I need to tell you about my best friend back home, Joan of Arc\'85"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 9: And It Looks Like I'm the Queen
\b0 \
Today, Anna decided to head to the libraries.\
Anna had been everywhere else and having just one place uncharted gnawed at her sense of completion. Well, there was still one other place; but when she mentioned it, Edmund had been outright belligerent about the so-called 
\i forbidden tower
\i0 . Of course, him telling her 
\i not 
\i0 to go made her want to even more, but Elsa had warned her before not to trespass. Anna decided on the libraries for now.\
She was sure nothing could possibly go wrong.\
Until she started to turn the doorknob, and a gloved hand clamped down on her wrist.\
Anna screamed at the ghostly apparition suddenly standing where she was sure no one had been before, and she tripped backwards when she was released without a second warning. She stumbled but managed to keep on her feet \'97 all her time walking over ice was starting to pay off \'97 and stared with wide eyes as the figure stepped out from the darkness.\
"You have a healthy set of lungs."\
"W-Wait. You're not a ghost?" Anna took a closer look at the stranger and breathed a sigh of relief when she saw him roll his eyes.\
"Do I look like one?"\
She wanted to say yes. Whoever this man was, it was obvious he almost never saw the light of day. Even if sunlight in the Southern Isles was limited, nobody was pale enough to look bloodless. Well, except for maybe Elsa, but instead of her snow-white skin, he had skin white like chalk. With a gaunt face and hollow cheeks framed by long black hair, Anna honestly felt no guilt in thinking he was a ghost at first sight. Especially when he just crept out of nowhere.\
But a white lie never hurt anybody.\
"No!" Anna said. "You just surprised me."\
"Hmm. I'm not going to ask your name, since everybody knows who you are. I'm Tobias, the fourth prince. Not particularly pleased to make your acquaintance." With that, Tobias brushed past her and made to enter the library himself.\
Whatever courtesy Anna was willing to give Tobias just flew out the window. "Hey, it is 
\i not 
\i0 nice to just\'97"\
"My mistake, I'm sorry," Tobias snorted, turning his head only to look down his nose at her like he was staring down a particularly ugly insect. "I should refrain from angering the queen's beloved pet. Who knows what could happen to me?"\
"Wh-What did you call me?"\
"Oh, please. Everybody knows," Tobias said. "Now if you're done parading your moronic tendencies, I would like to leave your presence."\
And before Anna could retort, he flung the door open, walked in, and slammed it shut in her face. When she tried to open the door again, the doorknob only rattled; Tobias had locked it. Anna banged her fist against the hardwood, furious and confused, but there was no response. For several minutes she simply stood there and fumed at what was perhaps the most ungracious treatment she had received yet, and then impulse made her lean down. Placing her ear at the keyhole, Anna listened for anything at all.\
And to her surprise, she 
\i did 
\i0 hear a voice.\
"Is he talking to himself?" Anna wondered aloud.\
She couldn't quite make out the voice, but she assumed it was Tobias. But was it just a little too deep to be him? Although the words were indistinct, the moment Anna began listening in she could tell the speaker abruptly, deliberately cut himself off as though 
\i knowing 
\i0 she was there. Then a sudden force pulsed outward from the door, like a crashing ocean wave that was air instead of water; Anna was thrown right off her feet and landed on her back three feet away, head slamming against the floor with a dull crack. She saw stars as the heavy impact knocked her breath away.\
"Hey! Are you all right?"\
Anna barely registered whoever it was. Her head was still swimming when someone lifted her into a sitting position, and only after long moments of blinking did her vision regain some measure of clarity. Short-cropped blond hair, toweringly tall but just a little gangly, and features hawkish but otherwise youthful. Alek, her fuzzy thoughts told her, this one was Alek, the one close to \'97 Alvard.\
"This is 
\i not
\i0  good," Anna mumbled.\
"Not good? Hey. Can you see my hand right now?" Alek held out his hand and waved it back and forth, and Anna frowned until she realized he was trying to check her for a 
\i concussion
\i0 . Whoops.\
She grabbed his hand and said, "Sorry, I meant I'm fine. Umm, thanks anyway." Shaking her head to clear her mind, Anna got back to her feet. She nearly fell again from vertigo.\
"\'85Yeah, no," Alek said, scowling. "Look, I'm not the type of person to talk around something. You don't seem well and I'm not equipped to check, so I'm going to bring you to someone who is."\
"No, I'm fine, thanks." Anna half-suspected this was some sort of ploy to murder her for what happened to his brother so she tried to escape, to no avail; Alek grabbed her by the arm, not exactly rough but certainly not gentle either.\
"You're being stupid," Alek said flatly, and he pulled her along.\
Anna had no choice but to follow, but her balance was still a little off and she realized she must have hit her head harder than she thought. When Alek noticed her stumbling along, he heaved a sigh and bent down. Anna stared at the strange sight until he turned his head with a grimace.\
"I'll carry you there," Alek said.\
"Umm, thanks, but no thanks\'97"\
"Look, this is going to take all day otherwise."\
She still thought this was a trap, but if she was going to her death, she might as well be carried there. Anna shrugged and scrambled up his back, and like that they were off again. Alek walked with long strides that left Anna feeling like she was on a horse, head bobbing up and down until she felt sick.\
Anna didn't realize she made any sound of discomfort, but Alek shifted and to her surprise said, "Sorry, I'll go a little slower. Just try not to throw up on me."\
"You're being awfully nice. Aren't you mad? About Alvard?" Anna mumbled. She must have 
\i really 
\i0 hit her head. She was just blurting out whatever came to mind.\
"One day, I will avenge him," Alek agreed, but his confident tone shifted to confusion when he added, "But what does that have to do with you?"\
"Well, I was\'85there?"\
Alek took a deep breath and hefted her higher as she began to slip off his back. "I've heard," Alek said, but Anna was shocked to hear him mutter, "And I feel I owe you an apology."\
"What?" Anna shook her head, sure she had misheard. "Did you just say\'97"\
"Please don't think badly of Alvard," Alek said. "I'm not sure 
\i what 
\i0 he was thinking, but I can tell you that hurting you was never part of his plan. He would never hurt an innocent; Alvard always, 
\i always
\i0  taught me that our duty was to protect."\
Oh. Through her still-foggy vision, Anna watched as Alek bowed his head a little from the proud stance he bore before. Truth be told, she had never even considered what Alvard had been like as a person. He had just been the assassin. Seeing how torn up Alek was, she couldn't find the heart to tell him his beloved brother had deliberately aimed for her, either to bait Elsa or out of simple spite.\
"\'85I believe you. Apology accepted," Anna whispered.\
Alek nodded and murmured a quiet thanks, and for a long stretch of their journey to wherever \'97 Anna had a feeling now that he wasn't really trying to murder her \'97 they were silent. After Anna had turned his words over for the fourth time, however, she had to correct something.\
"Elsa's innocent too."\
"That accursed witch is hardly innocent," Alek spat, and Anna was too shocked by the sudden venom to protest. "She killed Alvard, and imprisoned you here\'97"\
"Alvard did try to kill her too," Anna said, and a muscle twitched in Alek's jaw. "Besides, 
\i I'm
\i0  not even complaining about the imprisonment or whatever, so I don't know why you're throwing a fit."\
Alek turned his head, brow furrowing and eyes oddly sympathetic. "You're stronger than you look, to bear Elsa's perverse cruelties. I can't imagine what it must be like to live under her whim."\
"\'85I think you have the wrong idea. What kind of\'97?"\
"We're here," Alek said, freeing one hand to knock on the door. Anna had been too preoccupied and dizzy to notice, but now she realized they were back in the princes' wing.\
When the door opened, they were greeted by Saul.\

\i I am just running into everyone I don't want to run into today.
\i0 \
"She hit her head," Alek explained.\
Saul nodded and let them in, keeping the door open for what Anna assumed was propriety's sake. Alek deposited her on the sofa leaning against the far wall, and she noted that Saul's room was decorated with blueprints and a variety of woodcraft. An entire section of wall was so marked up the originally white wallpaper was barely visible, the entire expanse covered with scrawled diagrams and mind-bogglingly complicated designs of inventions Anna had never seen before. On the shelves sat intricate wooden miniatures of ships and cannons detailed down to the individual gear.\
Out of everything practical though, Anna noticed a lone snowflake in the middle and standing in its own plinth above the rest.\
"I leave her to your care," Alek said. Turning to Anna, he added, "And I hope to see you around. It was nice meeting you, Anna."\
"Yeah, you too," Anna said. Far from what she had expected, she genuinely liked Alek. She would need to do something about his strange hate for Elsa, but aside from being a little cryptic and melodramatic about the whole perverse tortures thing, Alek really wasn't that bad a guy.\
Except for how he left her with Saul. Anna had no idea why, but Saul gave her bad vibes ever since that time in Elsa's office, and no, it had nothing to do with the way he looked at Elsa.\
It just made her chest tighten and her stomach plummet, but no, there was no connection.\
"I don't believe we've ever been introduced," Saul said, walking closer and kneeling to eye level. "I'm Saul. Alek may not have mentioned it, but I am the resident medic here."\
"Aren't you a prince?" Anna snorted.\
"I am multifaceted," Saul answered, making it sound entirely matter-of-fact and not in any way bragging. Anna grudgingly gave him that, considering the evidence all around his room. "I'm going to check your head now." With that warning, he dove his hand into her hair in search for the bruise, and Anna winced when he found it. "Are you feeling nausea, or a headache, or\'85?"\
"Not really anymore."\
"Follow my finger with your eyes, please." If she weren't so bewildered by the surreal situation Anna might not have done it, but as it were, she obediently followed the slender digit back and forth, up and down, until Saul made a satisfied hum in the back of his throat.\
"So\'85?" Anna asked.\
Saul rose and walked over to an antique-looking chest, flicking the latch open. "Luckily you don't have a concussion, only a rather egregious bruise, but your balance will be affected for now so I recommend you stay for a little while. I'll make you some herbal tea while you wait, and it should help you recover."\
"Are you sure I can't just leave now?"\
"I would not return you to Elsa while any less than perfect," Saul said. Retrieving a packet of tea leaves from the chest and then two beautiful cups likely of his own design \'97 one of ivory and glazed with magnolia, the other obsidian and glazed with lilac \'97 Saul began brewing at the nearby table with what Anna thought was an unnecessarily expert air.\
Was there anything this guy 
\i couldn't 
\i0 do?\
"Well, I probably still won't be as perfect as you," Anna grumbled. She wrung her hands together and glared down at her lap. Why was she so dead set on comparing herself against him? She just felt so inadequate all of a sudden, and even though she had never thought of herself as 
\i above 
\i0 anyone, she had certainly never felt quite so useless either. "
\i I 
\i0 couldn't help her manage the supply thing."\
"But you make her happy."\
"How do you know that?" Anna asked.\
"Look outside," Saul said. "You've noticed, haven't you? Ever since you arrived, the snowstorm has been slowly weakening. And that time, when we first met. I'd never seen Elsa so content before." Saul returned and handed her a cup of tea, a small smile on his face. Anna watched him as he took a deep breath of the aroma first, then closed his eyes and took a careful sip.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The habit really, really reminded her of Elsa.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
"\'85You like her, right?" Anna asked.\
Saul stilled. Slowly, he moved the tea cup away, and Anna could see the tinge of mourning in his otherwise polite smile. "May I sit?"\
"It's your room," Anna muttered. She scooted over.\
"We met when we were still children, but from the moment I saw her, I knew," Saul said, sitting down next to her and nursing the cup in his hands, rolling it in between his palms as he spoke. "I knew she was the one I would wait for. Her grace, her nobility of spirit. Nobody will ever be able to compare."\

\i Suddenly I don't want to hear this, 
\i0 Anna thought uncomfortably, but she hung onto his words, transfixed and anxious.\
"Every moment we spend apart is filled with thoughts of her," Saul continued, with curiously restrained passion. "But though my soul cries for her, I know she will never return my affections and I dare not even dream of it. I only want to be by her side, Anna. It matters not how brief the time, but as long as I can be of some use to her, that time will be filled with the utmost joy."\
"Umm \'97 I think you should drink the tea before it gets cold," Anna said hurriedly, diving nose-first into her own cup.\
She didn't know if Saul had ever said anything like that to Elsa, but if he had, Anna figured that was a perfectly good reason for her to 
\i not
\i0  want anything to do with him. Either way, Anna was completely sure she didn't want Saul saying any more of it to 
\i her
\i0 . It was romantic enough to read that sort of thing in fairytales, but to hear someone actually say it?\

\i Grace \'97 nobility of spirit \'97 soul must cry \'97 filled with joy \'97 I didn't think anybody really talked like that! 
\i0 Anna shivered into her tea, then hoped it wasn't spiked with anything that was making Saul act funny.\
"You are lucky to have her," Saul said.\
Anna spat out a mouthful of tea.\
"Wait, I'm sorry, what?"\
Saul tilted his head as Anna looked on in horror, feeling heat creep up the back of her neck until the tips of her ears burned red. "You don't have to hide anything; I have no intention of getting in between you two. You are involved with Elsa, correct?"\
"
\i What
\i0 ? I-I don't even\'85I don't know what you're talking about!" Anna took a deep breath, but far from calming her nerves, it made her want to hyperventilate. "Me and Elsa? W-We're both girls!"\
"There's nothing wrong with that," Saul shrugged. "And it is common knowledge that Elsa chose to risk herself to save you from Alvard, and what more, you two have shared a room for weeks now\'97"\
"We sleep in separate beds!" Anna said. Suddenly, what Tobias mocked her about and what Alek said about Elsa's sadistic tortures rushed back with alarming clarity. Did everyone think\'85?\
Saul smiled knowingly, and Anna was sure her face was the same color as her hair by now. "But this is Queen Elsa, the same queen who distances anyone and everyone. If she felt nothing for you, she would not go to such lengths to protect you."\
"So you're saying that Elsa\'97" Anna couldn't finish her sentence. She clutched at her tea like it was a lifeline, hands shaking and breath coming in short, ragged spurts.\
"Are you averse to the idea of two women?"\
Anna shook her head. She wasn't the type to judge, but she wasn't attracted to women, right? But now that someone, 
\i anyone
\i0  brought up the subject, Anna realized she had never thought about it. She lived in a protective bubble with no one but her father and very familiar servants, so of course not. She found Hans good-looking though. But was she actually attracted to him? No. She was flattered by his attention, but attracted? No. Did she find Elsa\'85?\
"This is 
\i not
\i0  good," Anna groaned, covering her face in her hands trying to hide the heat snaking its way up her neck. Elsa was beautiful. She was all those things Saul talked about, but in a less creepy way, and Anna realized just how much she had been ogling her perfect, practically translucent skin, her silk-like platinum blonde hair, her tiny smile curling at the edge of her lips\'85\
"I apologize for making assumptions," Saul said, awkwardly patting her back.\
"N-No, I can't even blame you\'85"\
"Well, no," Saul agreed. "You do realize the entire castle is gossiping about this?"\
"Please just stop talking."\
"Elsa has been furious." Anna looked up to see Saul in deep thought. "It makes sense now, if there was nothing going on. She would want to protect your reputation. But, of course, her reaction to those who spread the rumors only seemed to confirm them\'85"\
"What did she do?" Anna asked.\
"You remember Commander Andersen?" Saul smiled when Anna nodded. "Last I hear, he was called to the throne room. You can go see for yourself."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa paid no mind to anything anyone said about her. She knew what they said, of course \'97 that she was a wicked sorceress, a monster who had cursed the lands, even that she was an usurper \'97 but she knew exactly what she was doing. After so long she had grown numb to their words, but to hear them speak ill of 
\i Anna
\i0  was\'85intolerable. Anna was not like her. She should never have been mentioned in the same vein as her, and Elsa would not allow it to continue.\
"Commander Andersen. I believe you are in my service to defend our kingdom," Elsa said, casting a frigid gaze down to the boorish man. "So why, then, do you find it necessary to engage in trivial gossip like an uncultured barbarian?"\
One of Alvard's in the past, Elsa knew. It was little surprise to find that Andersen had been teaching his men to spread malicious lies about Anna, the 
\i least 
\i0 of which was about their supposed illicit relationship. Crude, lewd things for which Elsa had no words to describe her revulsion.\
"With all due respect," Andersen said, voice a mixture of fear and defiance, "I don't understand what you're trying to say, Your Majesty."\
Elsa slammed her hand against the arm of her throne, feeling her power hum beneath her fingertips, the crackling of electricity and the chill of ice straining and begging to be released. The sheer force of her ire shattered a window, letting the storm winds whip their way inside. "I tire of games. Will you speak, or must I pass the same judgment on to you as I did your men?"\
Andersen glanced over at the window and then back, swallowing nervously and bowing his head the tiniest bit further. "I assure you, Your Majesty, that I had nothing to do with it."\
It took every last bit of control Elsa had to contain the mounting rush through her veins. She had barely noticed the change until now, so gradual it had been, but her muted emotions were returning slowly but surely. When she was with Anna, Elsa could 
\i feel
\i0  again, the hint of nervousness and the inexhaustible spring of warmth only the bright girl's presence could give her.\
On the other hand, memories of the past resurfaced along with those emotions. And as more and more of her focus slipped, Elsa found it harder to maintain the mask she had worn for so long. Even her rage manifested itself more powerfully, and once something threatened Anna\'85\
"I wonder if I should take the word of a man desperate to keep his life, or that of a man in his death throes," Elsa murmured. She watched as Andersen paled, feeling a surge of vicious satisfaction. "Many of the others chose only to speak at the end, Commander, but humans will always speak."\
Was 
\i she
\i0  still a human, Elsa wondered? After what she had done to herself? Anna made her feel like she still was; Anna could convince her that she was more than just an empty shell, but the moment her warmth was missing from her side, Elsa wondered if she had made a mistake. She had allowed her powers to define who she was. There was a time she used to revel in what she thought was freedom, had been able to tell herself she was now above mankind. She used to think herself free from pain after what she did, but ever since Anna\'85\
"I \'97 I really had nothing to do\'97"\
"If that is your last word, then I will believe you," Elsa said. She waited for the reluctant hope to grow, for Andersen to believe he had been allowed reprieve, before adding, "But then I must punish you for another fault, Commander. Surely you remember my orders for the Princess of Arendelle to be treated as a guest of honor while she was transported here?"\
Andersen paled once again, even worse than last time if that were possible. Even from afar, Elsa could see the cold sweat on his brow. "Y-Your Majesty\'97"\
"There is no excuse I will accept," Elsa hissed.\
It had been too long since she allowed her power to run free.\
Ice ripped from her fingertips, carving through both carpet and stone as it arced way towards the man. It was so fast he couldn't have reacted, faster than the human eye could hope to follow, four tendrils of ice hardening around his arms and legs and holding him in place as he kneeled completely helpless. With a single thought, the temperature of the already freezing ice dropped further, to the point where smoke rose and Elsa could smell searing flesh. Andersen let out a choked sob and then a scream as his skin burned into a blackened husk, but even that silenced when the ice spread over his face.\
Well, she would put him out of his misery.\
Elsa raised a hand and a large icicle blossomed from her palm, almost like a bone slowly being pulled from her body. Fully formed, the spear of ice simply hovered in the air at the tip of her fingers, a long, jagged blade with cruelly serrated edges. Elsa took aim and prepared to let it fly\'85\
"
\i Elsa!
\i0 "\
The spear shattered as her concentration broke. Like waking from a dream, like rising from the depths of an ocean, all of her bloodlust vanished at the sound of Anna's voice. Elsa looked on in shock as Anna burst in, breathing heavily and eyes wide at the gruesome scene that welcomed her. Anna looked up, the darker, warmer blue of her eyes meeting her own. Elsa couldn't understand the pleading she saw.\

\i Why do you ask for mercy on his behalf, after what he did to you? 
\i0 \
"Please, Elsa. Stop," Anna whispered. "This isn't you."\
As though her body weren't her own, Elsa felt her hand move of its own accord. With a wave, the ice encasing Andersen shattered as well, leaving him burned and gasping for air but alive.\
"I don't want you to see this," Elsa said, desperate to get Anna away from the evidence of her inhumanity. 
\i I don't want you to be afraid of me. I don't want you to be like everyone else. 
\i0 "Go. I will have someone tend to his wounds."\
"\'85All right," Anna said quietly.\
She left without another word. As the doors slammed shut again, Elsa leaned back against her throne, feeling for the first time in forever, fear.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Dinner was a tense affair, neither of them willing to speak of what had happened but unable to find distractions. Anna ate in silence; Elsa once again refused to eat and looked away from her eyes, stress lining the corners of her pursed lips as she clutched her arms to herself. Anna noticed the gloves were back. Even when they retired to their shared room, no words were spoken, and they went to their respective beds.\
Sleep came uneasily.\
A loud shout pierced Anna's fitful slumber. Sitting up sharply but hearing nothing else, she wondered if it had been a dream. For the past weeks, Elsa slept without a sound if she slept at all; Anna suspected she only made a show of it, and a long night of vigil had confirmed it. It was dark all around her save for some moonlight spilling in from the window, and looking across from her bed, she could see Elsa.\
Another shout caught her attention. Her eyes widened in concern, now that she was sure the cry had really come from Elsa. She scrambled out of bed and hurried over.\
"Elsa?" Anna murmured, tentatively laying a hand on her shoulder.\
Elsa rolled over, curled up in a ball on the bed, form trembling visibly. Anna had never seen her like this before, vulnerable even beyond that one time she had been injured. Elsa continued shaking her head side to side, uttering a long string of unintelligible words, hands clutching at her sheets as she flinched like she was in pain.\
Nightmares, Anna realized. No wonder she refused to sleep. Anna bit her lip as Elsa gave another sudden flinch. What should she do? Should she wake her? Or would Elsa be upset and embarrassed about Anna discovering this weakness? But she couldn't just leave Elsa like this\'85\
The decision was taken out of her hands when Elsa gave another loud cry. This time she clutched her chest where her heart was, fingers digging into the area with such visceral strength that her nails cut into her flesh, flecks of blood seeping through her nightshirt even as the wound began to heal. Ice spread over the canopy of her bed, snaking across the fabric and then down the supporting beams.\
"Elsa!" Anna shook her harder.\
Instantly, Elsa snapped her eyes open; but they weren't the gentle eyes Anna had become used to. They were feral like those of a wounded animal, and Anna thought she even saw the blue of her eyes flare so brightly they glowed. But it was only for an instant. Even as Elsa continued to clutch at her chest, she pushed Anna away with a wild swing of her free hand. Another pained moan ripped past Elsa's lips as she doubled over, and this time Anna recognized the sound as one of loss. Mourning, as though something precious had been torn from her.\
Anna's heart throbbed as she watched Elsa suffer. Fighting past her struggling, Anna wrapped her arm around Elsa, propping her up so that when she held her trembling form, Elsa's head rested on her shoulder and her forehead against her neck. Shock washed over her when Elsa suddenly, instinctively wrapped her arms around her waist, quivering violently.\
"A-Anna?" Elsa whispered, clinging to her frame. In the dim moonlight spilling in, Anna could see Elsa's normally controlled face marred with fright as recognition returned, but her senses clearly had not. Her gaze was still vacant and delirious, staring blankly with feverish light. What would it be like to wake from a nightmare and wonder with horror if you were still dreaming?\
"It's me. It's Anna, I'm right here." It took everything she had to keep the tremble out of her voice as she rested her cheek on the top of Elsa's head.\
"Anna\'85?" Elsa murmured, eyes slowly sliding shut again. "I-I have to check\'85I have to see\'85I don't want to be broken anymore\'85the tower\'85Anna\'85"\
Elsa's grip didn't slacken as she fell still again, trembling abating and breathing relaxing into a regular pattern at last. Smoothing back her hair, Anna cradled her gently, allowing tears to finally break free from her eyelids and slide down her face.\
"You're not broken," Anna whispered.\
Whatever made Elsa the way she was lay in the tower.\
Anna decided then and there that she would confront whatever was tormenting her.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 10: In the Depths of Winter
\b0 \
Anna set off before her courage could leave her.\
After throwing on her cloak and taking one last glance at Elsa, Anna left the room and shut the door with a quiet click. She knew her way around well enough she could have traversed the castle blind, and with single-minded focus she sped through the dark halls.\
Back at the main hall, Anna scaled the spiraling staircase built into the wall and stepped off to the upper level, then through the doors to the balcony. As if to deter her path, the blizzard raged strong tonight, enough to chill through her cloak and make Anna feel like she would be blown away any moment. She forged on. At the other end of the balcony lay a narrow corridor, and the longer she walked through it, the more the stone transitioned to ice, until eventually Anna felt like she was walking through a glacier.\
Then out of the ice rose a staircase, glowing ethereal blue and sparkling with light all along its length.\
"I can do this," Anna muttered.\
She took the first step with bated breath, half-expecting to be struck down. Nothing happened. Swallowing and feeling the air thin, Anna ascended the staircase. Every step upwards was harder than the last, like an invisible hand pressed down on her back, until Anna was forced to steady herself by gripping the railing. Immediately, the pressure lifted. With a musical hum, 
\i something 
\i0 in the ice responded and granted her passage.\
Anna had no idea why, but she wasn't about to question a stroke of good luck. She spared no more time and dashed up the rest of the stairs, taking one, then two, then three at a time, her heart pounding in her chest and anticipation building in the pit of her stomach. She at last came to a door, and she knew this was 
\i the 
\i0 door she was looking for, because it was locked. Not just locked. There was no doorknob, no handle, no visible means of opening at all, only a perfectly smooth pane of ice engraved with a snowflake insignia spidering across the surface.\
Carefully, Anna placed her hand against it.\
And the ice deconstructed itself. Anna drew back with a gasp as the snowflake pattern spun, and with each revolution the ice looked to be drawn into its core, until finally the entire door disappeared and the snowflake itself burst into infinitesimal particles scattering into the air. Nothing else impeded her path.\
She stepped through.\
And saw herself staring back.\
When Anna flinched, the other Anna did the same. It was only a reflection. She had entered an unassuming circular chamber, with floor, walls, and ceiling hewn from featureless gray stone, and on the other end of the room was a mirror. Trying and failing to control her increasingly heavy breathing, Anna edged closer. Not a mirror but a 
\i broken 
\i0 one, with half or less slotted within a circular-frame stand, not all the fragments even joined. Strange silver runes were etched all around the obsidian circumference and even on the mirror itself, the markings looking to form a kaleidoscope.\
Laid vertically at the base of the mirror was a black casket. As Anna walked closer, she began to see that the glossy exterior was only a casing for a tablet of ice. Electricity crackled over its length, currents flitting across at regular intervals. Anna couldn't see it clearly because of the wisps of fog it released, and only when she carefully leaned over did she realize\'97\
It was not a tablet but a coffin.\
Beneath the transparent ice lay a man.\
Anna stumbled back with a muffled scream. When she hit the floor, her fingers brushed over ever more runes, and Anna vaguely realized the floor was not, in fact, featureless. Tiny grooves had been cut into the stone, so shallow as to be barely noticeable, and the moment her finger ran along the indentations\'85\
Light burst from the tiny channel. It surged along the curves etched into the floor then leapt onto the lines on the walls, illuminating the countless arcs that came together at strange angles to complete the design. Anna rose to her feet and saw at last that she stood in some kind of runic circle with the mirror at its outer rim, and her eyes followed the light upwards. Centered in the ceiling was a chandelier blossoming outwards like a flower of ice.\
"What's going on\'85?" Anna muttered.\
As she watched, the chandelier lowered of its own accord until it hovered at eye level. Sharp edges retracted one by one, each blade sliding inwards, each serration folding back. What remained was a chandelier with its center hollowed out, leaving 
\i something 
\i0 behind to glow so brightly Anna couldn't discern what it was.\
She was in over her head. She had no idea what was going on anymore, but she'd come too far to just give up. Anna edged forward as the blue light dimmed. A single snowflake. Just like the mirror, it was marked with a kaleidoscope. Before her eyes it continuously replicated, fractaling upon itself again and again, infinitely, to form a transparent orb with that single snowflake flickering brightly in the center. It was a single unbroken piece that could fit in the palm of her hand, no seams, no edges, no flaws. It was pure and perfect.\
And Anna could hear it.\
A tendril of foreign thought touched her own, a vague consciousness that hovered between clarity and sleep; and Anna immediately knew, without a doubt, it was that orb. No. Not the orb. That was only a protective shell. It was\'85that strange snowflake. Except it wasn't really so strange after all. It felt familiar, too familiar, a mixture of unbridled power and comforting cold that Anna had grown to know intimately these past few weeks. Anna wasn't sure how it was even possible, but the moment she felt that whisper over her mind she knew.\
"\'85
\i Elsa
\i0 ?"\
She had to make sure. Anna reached forward.\
But the instant her fingers brushed over the icy surface, the globe released a pulse of force that threw her back. Anna widened her eyes in disbelief as it began spinning in frenetic rhythm, releasing a shrill, earsplitting hum as waves of white arced from its perimeter. Even if there were warning she was too close to avoid the bolt of ice headed straight for her.\
It pierced through to her heart.\
Anna fell to her knees as cold spread through her veins, not all at once but something persistent, trickling through her blood so she could never get it out. It was agony and loneliness and resignation all at once, emotions that were not hers but excruciatingly strong, emotions that had built and built, strained against their repression, and finally released. Anna could barely breathe. Tears flowed from her eyes without pause, until she thought she might black out and die from the phantom anguish.\
And then footsteps.\
"She really did it. She really made a reliquary."\
With all of her effort, Anna turned her head. Tobias strode in, triumph and glee plain on his face as his eyes roved across the chamber. When he saw her, his lips curved into a wide smile.\
"I have you to thank," Tobias breathed. "Without you, I wouldn't have made it this far."\
"Wh-What are you trying to do?" Anna gasped. She tried to get up, to do anything, but she only collapsed onto the floor fighting for breath.\
"Alvard was an idiot, trying to kill Elsa. Our kingdom would fall in days without her powers; Elsa is too valuable to lose," Tobias admitted. He looked to the orb, at the snowflake within, and his voice lowered into a throaty rasp. "But here are her powers, manifested in physical form. I'll claim it for myself, I'll inherit her power, and I'll be the one to rule."\
"Her\'85powers?" With all of her strength, Anna crawled forward and clutched at his leg. She had to stop whatever he was planning. All of this was her fault\'85\
Tobias frowned at her. "If you must know, I'll tell you what she did to herself. Even you must have noticed how unnatural Elsa is. Her body isn't sustained by food, or drink, or breath, but 
\i this
\i0 . It's old magic, you know, carving out your heart. We call it a reliquary."\
The snowflake.\
It was\'85her heart\'85?\
"She's not even human anymore," Tobias sneered, seemingly delighted by the horror that grew on Anna's face. "A reliquary is sacrifice meant to amplify magical power, but it destroys your emotions. You know what that means? That 
\i thing 
\i0 you see there...is Elsa's frozen heart. She carved it out. For power."\
"N-No. You're wrong," Anna whispered. Try as she might, the cold was spreading too fast. Her eyelids were so heavy her vision dimmed.\
"\'85Hmm. Maybe," Tobias admitted, looking over to the coffin. "She's been using her reliquary to keep Father alive, I see. Well, that will be something I discontinue after I gain control over it. And even the Mirror is here. I really must thank you, Anna. You have given me everything I will ever need."\
Tobias reached out for the reliquary.\
Anna surrendered to the darkness and closed her eyes.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb1 Anna.
\i0 \
Elsa woke to the feeling of pain, true pain, lancing through where her heart had been. Anna was in danger. She could feel her reliquary pulsing wildly, and she knew Anna must know, now, what she had done to herself. But Elsa was too afraid for Anna's safety to even begin to worry about her reaction.\
She threw the covers off and dropped to the floor, pushing her fingers into the carpet. They sank in without resistance and Elsa pulled a thick pillar of ice up to waist level, still connected to the ground. She leaned forward and shot off like an arrow, gripping the column tightly as it rippled through the ground and pushed her down the corridors at breakneck speed. Even the floor moved under her feet, turning to ice and propelling her down the hallway fast enough to make the wind whip around her hair.\
Rounding the corners, Elsa's moving ice floor reached the staircase up to the balcony. There wasn't enough time. As soon as she was clear of the low ceiling of the hallway she bent her knees to absorb the impending shock. The ice burst upwards violently, sending Elsa flying up an entire level. As she reached the railing, she extended a hand and created another moving platform that rapidly carried her through the doors and then rippled across the balcony as she sprinted.\
"Let me make it there in time," Elsa begged, not caring which of any higher power heard her, only that one 
\i did 
\i0 and would spare Anna.\
She jumped onto the crystalline staircase and urged it to take her up.\

\i Let me make it there in time.
\i0 \

\i \'85Wait for me, Anna.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She woke to the warmth of sun.\
Anna barely remembered what it was like to feel sunlight, real sunlight. Not the weak rays filtering through thick clouds but the sun of a bright summer day, and she even vaguely recognized the spongy field she was lying on to be a field of grass. It was so comfortable that Anna stretched out and relaxed for a long moment, until she realized something was very, very wrong. Why was there sun and grass? She opened her eyes and blinked against the blindingly strong light, marveling at the sun hanging in the sky unobscured by snow and hail. Was this even the Southern Isles?\
Her thoughts were interrupted by a gentle call. "Elsa! Where are you?"\
Anna sat up immediately. She was in the middle of a large garden belonging to a modest one-storied home, made of pale red stone and with a flattened roof, but she could care less about 
\i where 
\i0 she was when her eyes fell on the little girl standing not far away. Only a few steps away, practically in arm's reach, stood\'85\
"Elsa?" Anna murmured. She was so young, four or five at most. Her face still had yet to develop into the sculpted porcelain features she would later possess, instead rounded with baby fat. Her clothing was not the elegant dress of flowing ice, but a simple blue cloth of an ordinary commoner. But Anna would never mistake her for another person. She had the same pale blonde hair, the same ice-blue eyes, and even now she bore an unmistakable air of grace.\
"Coming, Mamma! I'll be there in a minute!"\
Anna gasped when she saw Elsa grin, her wide eyes sparkling with mischief. She was so 
\i happy
\i0 . In all their days together, Anna had never once seen her smile like that. Elsa didn't spare her a second glance as though having a stranger in their garden was nothing strange, her lips forming a pout of concentration as she bent down to pick a few flowers. Anna tentatively reached out, but instead of patting Elsa on the shoulder, her hand passed right through.\
"Whoa!" Anna jerked back, clutching her fingers closely to make sure they were still there. It was the strangest thing, seeing her hand half-disappeared.\
Once Anna calmed, though, she tried again with the same result. Finally, she shifted to the side and poked her head right under Elsa's face, staring up into her eyes. Anna retreated quickly when Elsa passed through her to continue picking flowers.\
"You can't see me\'85" Anna said aloud, and Elsa gave no indication of hearing. Anna simply sat there and watched as Elsa hummed a light melody. She imagined Elsa to have grown up unhappy, but then what was she seeing now? Was this a memory? Was this even real? She remembered the reliquary, and Tobias, and then darkness\'85\
When Elsa was done, she bundled up the flowers and dashed back inside. Elsa acted like any other kid her age, Anna thought, and she couldn't stop from smiling. It reminded Anna of herself a little, and 
\i that 
\i0 was a strange thought. She rose to her feet and followed, gingerly stepping through the open door and watching Elsa run to her mother and hug her knees. They looked alike, only the older woman had brown hair instead of platinum-blonde, but not even the father was blond. Elsa had his eyes though, the same shape and the same shade of blue; and later in life, his smile, the tiny one at the edge of the lips.\
"Elsa, look how dirty your hands are," the woman chided softly, but she still rubbed at Elsa's palm with her own, uncaring of the dirt getting onto her instead. When she noticed her husband laugh, she smiled and shook her head. "Vagn, really, stop encouraging her."\
"But Mamma, look what I made!" Elsa brandished the bouquet proudly and her father plucked it out of her hands with a fond smile, tousling her hair and chuckling when she squealed.\
"Let her play, Elmira. As for you, Elsa, I'll make sure this goes in a vase," Vagn said. Anna noticed the array of flowers arranged all around the house, no doubt from Elsa's work. "Now go wash your hands and then we'll eat."\
It was a happy scene. Elsa picked around her food and Elmira promised her dessert if she finished; Vagn told anecdotes that left Elsa giggling. Something as genuine as this couldn't be faked. Anna's smile grew wider and wider as she saw Elsa so unbelievably joyful, but the more she watched the more confused she became. This went against everything she knew. If this was her family, then those scars\'97\
A swirling vortex of color and sound filled her mind, the entire world spinning so chaotically Anna barely kept on her feet. When the world reformed, Anna at first thought she was in a different place; except everything looked largely the same, only emptied, and her impression had come from the sudden cold. Frost lined the inside of the windows; Anna looked around for the only one who could have caused it. If these really were Elsa's memories, then she had to be here somewhere.\
As if on cue, a door opened and Elsa came into the room. Anna had to calm her hammering heart as she took in her appearance. Just a little taller now, perhaps a year or two older, but for whatever reason she wore clothes that looked worn out, edges tattered and frayed and the color washing out.\
Just then, a loud shout sounded across the room.\
"Elsa! Get back in here right now!" Even Anna jumped, let alone Elsa. Could it be Vagn? He sounded so different, gentle voice now darkened by anger so that it was lower, guttural. Elsa ran over and opened the door at the other end of the room, which Anna recognized as the kitchen.\
Anna followed and walked in to find Elsa's parents seated at the kitchen table, but one look at them and a shiver ran down her spine. They were identical to the ones she had seen before, and yet not; the same people, but their faces were hard and cruel and so different Anna barely recognized them as the loving parents from before. Elmira stared down with contempt; Vagn glared with undisguised hate. Anna cried out when she saw Elmira raise a hand and slap Elsa across the face, sending her crumpling to the ground as she held a small hand up to her cheek. It was already starting to bruise an ugly purple.\
She rushed over to the fallen girl, absolutely furious to see Elsa trembling. Anna stared up with accusation though Elmira wouldn't see her. 
\i What
\i0  was going on?\
"How many times do I have to tell you, Elsa? Do 
\i not
\i0  ever let other people see your powers!" Anna watched in horror as Elsa was ordered to get up, told to go to her room and that she would not be getting dinner that night. As Elsa ran from the kitchen with tears in her eyes, Anna whirled around to her parents. How could they do this? Just because Elsa was 
\i different
\i0 ?\
She wished so badly she could cause physical harm to the couple sitting at the table.\
The world spun again, and the mist cleared to reveal a small room with the windows barred. Anna saw a bed in the corner of the bare room, and on top sat Elsa, clutching her knees to herself and crying silently with her head down. She sat down next to the child and tentatively reached forward, to brush her hair, to wipe her tears away; but then Anna remembered she could do none of that. She was useless here. Anna lowered her hand slowly, unknowingly clenching it into a fist.\
"Mamma, Pappa\'85" Elsa curled further into herself, finally releasing small sniffles. She was so small. Anna didn't understand how anyone could bear to mistreat her.\
"Please don't cry," Anna whispered.\
Just then the door was flung open, and both Anna and Elsa looked up.\
Terror flit across Elsa's face and she immediately shrank as though on instinct, pressing her back against the wall as far as possible. "P-Pappa, I'm so sorry\'97"\
"You did it again, didn't you?" Elsa shook her head furiously as Vagn stalked closer, but her denial only made him clench his teeth. "You're going to kill us all! What will we live on with the garden frozen?"\
"I didn't mean it!" Elsa said.\
Her father reached down and lifted Elsa by the collar of her shirt. Anna knew she couldn't do anything to stop him, but she still tried to tackle the man, tried to take Elsa away, but she fell through him and slammed onto the ground. A moment later, Vagn tossed Elsa like a rag doll so that she collapsed in a heap not far away. Anna got to her feet and looked over to see Vagn tower over her.\
"Then I'll have to punish you."\
"\'85No," Anna whispered, eyes widening with horror as the man drew a long whip. Elsa backed away, whimpering with fear, and Anna almost screamed. Why weren't Elsa's powers protecting her? They should have started up by now, Anna had seen it happen before, 
\i so
\i0  
\i why was this still happening\'97
\i0 \
Anna felt an icy hand grip her heart when the whip lashed down.\
"Stop it!" Anna screamed.\
No one heard. Elsa cried out at a second lash and turned to protect her chest and stomach, but now it was her back being flayed. Anna fell to her knees as she watched, wanting desperately to close her eyes. But she had to bear through this. Anna couldn't just pretend nothing was happening, so she watched helplessly as Elsa was mercilessly beaten by the monster her father had become, as Elsa called out and begged for the pain to stop, promised that she would be good and never use her magic again.\
"It's not magic," Vagn spat. "It's a 
\i curse
\i0 , and it's made you a 
\i monster
\i0 . Do you hear me?" Another lash, even harder than the last one, leaving yet another bloody furrow across Elsa's back. "Say it!"\
"I \'97 I'll h-hide \'97 I'll hide my\'97" Elsa choked.\
Part of Anna never wanted Elsa to think of herself that way. Another part of her just wanted the pain to end, so that Elsa wouldn't have to suffer anymore. "Please," Anna whispered.\
"You'll hide your 
\i what
\i0 ?" Vagn asked.\
Another whip and Elsa screamed, "I'll hide my curse!" Vagn finally left, throwing one last glare at Elsa and slamming the door shut. It locked behind him.\
It hadn't even been a minute. Anna felt 
\i herself 
\i0 shaking just looking at the wounds, and Elsa looked close to passing out, pale face sweating and eyes half-lidded. Her back was bleeding profusely from numerous welts, and Anna realized she was still too young, too vulnerable. Her powers were still too immature to heal her, and so the scars had remained, a reminder that would never go away.\
Suddenly the memory stopped. Not like the last time, but abruptly, the scene playing out in front of her turning to black and white and fracturing before it spiraled into one indistinguishable pulp.\
Anna felt the rush of vertigo again, and then the world steadied.\

\i Wait, what?
\i0 \
Elsa was smiling happily at her parents as they watched her play in the garden. Their faces didn't have a hint of the violence they held in the past two memories; Anna saw the loving parents again, adoration clear in their eyes, only Elsa looked no younger compared to the last memory. What was going on\'85? A light breeze threw a bit of dust in her eye, and Anna blinked away a shadow.\
And then the world froze, shadows and static flit across Anna's vision, and when she opened her eyes again, the same scene was occurring but very, very differently. A thin layer of frost coated the garden and Elsa was alone with a diminutive snowman, hugging it tightly as though it were a lifeline. Anna stepped closer and kneeled next to Elsa. A pang struck her chest when she noticed how thin Elsa was, too thin, so that her ratty clothing hung uncomfortably over her bony frame. Dark rings marred her eyes.\
"What did they do to you?" Anna murmured.\
"Happy birthday," Elsa whispered.\
Anna froze.\
"My only wish is for Mamma and Pappa to love me again," Elsa continued, unaware of Anna trying desperately to give her an embrace that wasn't from cold snow she had created herself. She deserved more than that. "I'll be good from now on, I really will\'85"\
"You're not doing 
\i anything
\i0  wrong," Anna breathed.\
Elsa whirled around when the door to her home opened and Elmira stormed out. Anna observed carefully. It was like two different people, the kindly mother she had first seen and the inhuman woman she saw now. Whatever thoughts she had were pushed aside when Elsa cried out, Elmira having caught her arm in a vice-grip.\
"This is getting out of hand."\
"I-I'm so sorry, I don't know how to stop it\'97"\
"Then I'll stop it for you." Anna saw Elsa tear away and stand protectively over her snowman, but Elmira only slapped her aside and Elsa tumbled facedown into the snow. The snowman must have been Elsa's only comfort. When her mother destroyed it, Elsa scrambled to its remains and wept bitter tears. Blood from her split lip darkened the snow.\
"How much longer do I have to watch this?" Anna murmured. It hurt. It hurt more than anything to watch Elsa be treated so horribly and yet be unable to help her.\
And then the world paused, spun, colors blending into a single dark hue. Anna closed her eyes and waited for whatever horror she would be forced to witness next.\
She heard crackling. Alarmed, Anna's eyes flew open. Her heart leapt in her throat when she saw Elsa being dragged towards a furnace, the fire just as tall as her and roaring in its intensity, white-hot flames spitting sparks; Elsa fought every step of the way, sobbing and screaming as Vagn and Elmira pushed her closer and closer.\
"We'll fix you," Vagn spat.\
"
\i Stop it!
\i0 "\
Anna's scream fell on deaf ears. She could feel the heat as Elsa did, the desiccation and blistering pain that built every step she was forced to take. Before long, the orange glow was close enough to reflect over Elsa's face, casting a flickering light over her pallid visage. Even her tears had dried.\
"Please, Mamma, Pappa\'97"\
"It's for your own good," Elmira said.\
She took Elsa's hand and forced it forward.\
Anna couldn't take it anymore. She closed her eyes and flinched away, but nothing could block out the piercing sound of Elsa's shriek, the horrible smell of burning flesh. She almost threw up. After seconds that felt like an eternity, everything silenced. Anna kept her eyes shut, unwilling to see any more.\

\i Let me out, I don't want to see this anymore, I want to 
\i0 go.\
"Hush. Hush, little one. You're safe now."\
Anna only dared to look when she heard a different voice, rich and smooth like silk and cream. A man knelt next to Elsa, cradling her trembling form, but for the first time, someone else drew her attention. Lying broken on the ground, only a few feet away from Elsa, were her parents. Their eyes were glassy, mouths open in a silent scream as blood poured from wounds pierced all over their body.\
"I-I killed them," Elsa whispered, her breath shuddering as she clutched at the man. Anna stilled at her confession, but it was only a knee-jerk reaction. After everything she had seen, she was only glad for Elsa's safety. "I didn't mean to, I was so afraid, and then I was angry, and I couldn't control the curse\'97"\
"They were despicable trash," Markus spat, and Anna knew it was him because she recognized his face from the portraits she had seen even back in Arendelle. His was the face of a warlord, stern features sharply angular, thin lips pursed into a line and cheeks hollowed inwards, eyes burning with strength.\
Elsa looked to her parents and then away, shaking even worse. "B-But it was my fault\'97"\
"What you have is a gift." Markus took Elsa by the shoulders and looked her in the eye, frown deepening. "Always remember that, child. You possess not a curse but a gift. Never conceal it. As for 
\i them
\i0 ?" Markus glanced at Elsa's parents, his lip curling. "They were beneath you. After what they did, no one would blame you."\
"What do I do now?" Elsa pleaded. She was desperate for any direction, Anna knew. Anna had seen that exact look before when Elsa was having her nightmare, vacant and haunted.\
"\'85You are not alone."\
Before their eyes, Markus lifted a hand and inky darkness wisped around his fingertips. Anna was shocked but Elsa was doubly so, eyes widening and lips parting with awe and relief. "Y-You're like me?"\
"I was not born with power, as you were, and I cannot ever compare," Markus said. "But I learned just enough to accomplish small things, enough to guide you. Perhaps that is my calling. Perhaps that is what fate intended for me."\
"To guide me?" Elsa asked.\
"Come with me. I will protect you. I will teach you," Markus said. He stood and held out his hand, eyes softening. "What you have is a gift, Elsa. You should be glad to have the fortune of it, just as I am glad to have come across a gift such as you."\
Anna watched with bated breath as Elsa spared a glance at her parents, and then closed her eyes. Elsa took a deep breath, and when she opened her eyes again, her decision was made.\
Elsa took his hand.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 I feel like an extended note is necessary for this chapter, because of the reliquary concept. Hopefully I explained it well enough, although there will be more on the actual process in the next chapter (along with the conclusion to the flashbacks in the next chapter, ending with the explanation of the Mirror). So yes, some people did guess it - Elsa froze her heart, and carved it out, thereby strengthening her powers to a level she can't even control but also losing her emotional capacity in the process. And there you have it, actual, 
\i physical 
\i0 proof of her self-rejection and self-loathing. More on this in the next chapter. I chose to have her heart in the form of a snowflake, orbed in ice, which is more metaphorical than a literal heart because 1) that's sort of gross, and 2) love will thaw. Also, a bit of a hint: Note the similarities between Elsa's heart and the Mirror. Markus will 
\i not 
\i0 tell you everything.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 11: There Lay An Invincible Summer
\b0 \
Her seal was gone.\
Even if she hadn't been able to feel the seal unraveling before, Elsa could see it now from where she stood on the staircase, her ice melted away to reveal the chamber entrance; but somehow 
\i seeing 
\i0 it was worse. Now she knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that Anna had gone through. She hardly dared to continue for fear of what she might see.\
And then she heard a scream.\
Not Anna.\
Tobias stumbled out of the chamber, flailing and screaming as he clutched his blackened, burned hand, and Elsa knew he had tried to take her reliquary by force. A fool, to covet her gift. Even separated, her heart knew its master. No one but her could approach, not while it was safeguarded by impenetrable ice. When Tobias caught sight of Elsa, he nearly tumbled down the steps in his haste to reach her.\
"Elsa!" Tobias fell to his knees, face twisting with horror as frostbite crept up his arm. "How do I stop this? Tell me how to stop this! Help me! I don't want to die; I don't want to die, please\'97"\
She had no time for this. Elsa wanted nothing more than to leave Tobias to his fate; but whatever happened, he was still one of Markus's children. And 
\i saving 
\i0 him was punishment in and of itself.\
With a flick of her hand, a thin sheet of ice sliced through his arm at the elbow.\
Tobias opened his mouth in a silent scream, emitting no sound despite the agony clear in his muddled eyes. His remaining hand flew to the stump left behind, frozen over without a drop of blood, and his entire body trembled as he inched towards the severed limb. Then the pain became too much. His eyes rolled backwards and he collapsed.\
Elsa didn't spare him another glance.\

\i Anna.
\i0 \
She sped up the rest of the steps and burst into the chamber.\
Anna was lying on the ground, either unconscious or \'97 Elsa couldn't bear to think of the alternative. She had to be alive. She 
\i had 
\i0 to be. Elsa rushed over and dropped down without a second thought. But now that she was here, Elsa realized she had no idea what to do. Her hand reached out, trembling with hesitation that she only ever felt around Anna, before she stilled. What if she hurt Anna even more?\
Before her eyes, a streak of white grew in Anna's hair.\
"No," Elsa whispered. "No, Anna. You can't just leave me like this. I only just \'97 I only just started feeling again, please, 
\i please
\i0 \'85"\
Loneliness.\
Elsa realized now that loneliness was the bitterness choking her every waking thought, like a suffocating vine that snaked around her mind. She had thought herself superior, but she was only alone. She had thought herself numb, but she was only in despair. Agony lurked under her facade, and it cut so deeply every color had bled out of life. Hers was a prolonged half-life in washed-out black and white.\
Until she found Anna, and her world exploded into color.\
"I need you. I need you, Anna. Wake up."\
Nothing except for a violent shudder that wracked through Anna's body, and Elsa let go of her doubt. Elsa drew Anna into her arms and cradled her head, but she felt nothing like the Anna that Elsa knew. Anna was warm, not this icy creature with cold skin and whitened hair. Anna was bright, not this paling, bloodless imitation. She used to be so full of life\'85\
"You can't die," Elsa said. She pulled Anna closer, and now she could hear the pulse of her reliquary beating in time with Anna's heart. A tiny shard had separated and lodged itself into the warmth it craved. "I won't let you die."\
Elsa placed a hand over Anna's heart and tried to draw out the sliver of ice, but the moment it responded to her call \'97 Anna curled inwards, face screwed-up with indescribable agony, and Elsa stopped immediately. She couldn't control it. Not since making her reliquary had she been capable of fine control, and if she tried to force it she might kill Anna right then and there. She was useless.\
"What can I do\'85?"\
Elsa held Anna tighter when frost began to coat her skin, when her fingertips began to turn blue. She was fading fast. If this went on\'85Anna would\'85\
"Anna!"\
Was this loss she felt, the tingling at her fingertips, the prickling at her eyes? She could hardly bear to look at Anna, cold and lifeless, but she couldn't draw her eyes away either.\
"You can't die," Elsa whispered. "You can't die without my permission. Wake up! Wake up, right now!"\
For the first time in thirteen years, Elsa let herself cry and pray for a miracle.\
Behind her, the Mirror glowed.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Welcome to your new home."\
For all of her clumsiness and distinct lack of regality, Anna was still royalty and had lived in Arendelle Castle all her life. Not to mention she had already seen the Southern Isles Castle, the one perfected by Elsa; so when Markus showed off the original, Anna glanced over the common stone and mortar and then looked back to the child trailing behind Markus.\
She could see why Elsa was impressed. For a commoner from the outskirts of the kingdom, seeing the castle up close must have been like something out of a dream, and to one day actually live in it? Not even a dream but a fantasy. Elsa followed with her lips slightly parted, eyes wide open in childish awe, and it was hard to imagine the cold queen she would one day become.\
"R-Really?" Elsa asked. "But I'm nothing special, Your Majesty\'97"\
"Never say that about yourself again, Elsa," Markus said sternly, and he fixed her with a heavy gaze. When she nodded, looking absolutely terrified, his eyes softened. "And you do not need to address me with any title. You may call me by name."\
"I can't do that! It's too rude!" Elsa exclaimed.\
"From today on, you are royalty as you were always meant to be." Before Elsa could protest more, Markus showed her inside and Elsa was silenced by what was, to her, unimaginable wealth.\
Anna followed as Markus led Elsa to where she knew was the throne room. Maybe she was around the paranoid Elsa too much, but she wondered about this kind, fatherly figure. Markus just so happened to conveniently be around to pick up the pieces when Elsa broke? In the future Elsa had always spoken of Markus with reverence, but in spite of that \'97 perhaps 
\i because 
\i0 of that \'97 Anna watched the happenings unfold with a grain of salt.\
When the grand doors opened, they were greeted by the thirteen princes standing at attention. Elsa shied away, unused to human interaction and taught to fear harming them, but Markus straightened her back and walked with her to the front of the hall. Thirteen pairs of curious eyes watched Elsa as she was allowed to stand above the dais and directly to Markus's right, an honor even they were denied.\
"Let me introduce you to Elsa. From today on, she will be Princess Elsa of the Southern Isles," Markus said. Ignoring the hushed muttering that his announcement provoked, he continued, "And you are to make Elsa feel welcomed and at home. Introduce yourselves."\
One by one, Anna watched as they made their introductions. Gustaf was already in his twenties and looked bemused by the whole thing, but some of the others were not as kind. Tobias looked as though he had swallowed something sour, and Anna felt a surge of vindictive pleasure to see Markus reprimand him. Most were generally uninterested, though Anna was amused to see a young Edmund introduce himself with such vigor that Elsa nodded almost fearfully. Hans was as composed as ever.\
And Saul, true to his word, was instantly enamored. Anna watched with a growing scowl as Saul stammered through his greeting, and she was even more displeased to see Elsa grin at the boy. She had never smiled at 
\i her 
\i0 like that before. Saul smiled back, seemingly relieved, and retreated with a suave bow that looked ten times more practiced.\
"She just feels bad for you, lover-boy," Anna muttered.\
The memory stopped midway through Markus ordering whoever to show Elsa around, and Anna waited patiently for whatever the reliquary decided to show her next. As the vision steadied, Anna wondered if she was getting too comfortable with the whole ordeal.\
Not much time had passed. Elsa looked to be the same age and was seated at the back of a classroom, looking unbelievably bored by the lecture from a bespectacled old man. Anna noticed how she sat with a rigidly straight back now, and Elsa didn't rest her chin on her hand like other children might, instead staring straight ahead with her chin held high. She was already being trained to be royal. Still, Anna could see her eyes glazed over, and she grinned when Elsa tried to stay awake by pinching her thigh.\
When a small break was announced, the others of Elsa's age group \'97 from Rafael, the seventh prince, down to Edmund and Hans \'97 shuffled out for some desperately needed air. Elsa stayed behind and shook her head twice before perusing a thick textbook, one hand rubbing at her temple all the while. A few minutes later, Elsa pushed the book away. After looking around almost guiltily, Elsa moved her hands together in a slow revolution, wisps of blue swirling around her fingertips.\
And then she created.\
Right there on the table a miniature palace came to life, from the foundations pushing upwards into tall spires to even details like individual windows and doors and markings. It was somehow more impressive to see a child crafting something so intricate, but then Anna realized she had never seen Elsa do anything like this when she was older and she wondered if, as Elsa had implied, she could no longer.\
Anna was so engrossed she didn't notice someone coming back in. Apparently neither did Elsa, because she jumped when the voice said, "That's beautiful, you know."\
Immediately, Elsa stopped and the castle's development halted. Whirling around and frightened eyes no doubt expecting admonishment, Elsa was instead met by Saul looking on with effusive admiration.\
"I-I'm sorry?"\
"You're an architect," Saul said with wonder, walking closer and tracing the ice. Elsa smiled widely at the unexpected praise before schooling her features to neutrality, but her half-practiced mask shattered when Saul added, "All of this is perfect down to the last detail. How do you manage it?"\
"I just visualize," Elsa blurted out. "I mean, I never start out with anything fixed, I have an idea and then\'97"\
"You let it design itself," Saul finished, wide smile matching the one on Elsa's face exactly. "Inspiration and then uninterrupted flow."\
"Yes! It's all about maths and geometry, but you can't let rules constrain you!" Elsa practically glowed with excitement. Even her voice was rising into a squeak, and when Elsa realized she covered her mouth with her hand. "Oh, I'm sorry. I got carried away."\
"No, I understand! I also design. Smaller things, of course, nothing of your scale and certainly having barely a fraction of your beauty," Saul said. Anna scowled. Even young, Saul was dramatic.\
But to Anna's eternal shock, Elsa looked away with a blush. "I've seen some of your work, I really admire it. Especially your ships! You actually use your hands, but I feel like I'm cheating."\
Saul reached out and tapped the ice palace with a nail, letting the melodic ring sound out before he spoke again. "It's not cheating to have a gift. What's talent if not meant to be used? I wish I were capable of half of what you can do."\
"What I wouldn't give for Edmund's talent right now," Elsa said, smiling crookedly as she looked towards the textbooks. "I'm so far behind all of you\'85"\
"Eidetic memory? Being able to memorize with a glance 
\i is 
\i0 useful," Saul admitted. "I do believe he's gone through the entire library already."\
Anna raised an eyebrow. That sounded nothing like the Edmund she knew. Maybe he had hit his head some time in between?\
"Though we all have our talents \'97 Rafael with music, Alek with sword. So you see, your gift is not so different after all," Saul said. He slid the textbook back around. "Now then, I shall endeavor to help you conquer this. Maths is preferable, but history is not so dull if fleshed in with more than dry fact\'85"\
Anna made a face when the memory spiraled into grey. She didn't dislike Saul anymore, but at this rate she might slip back into thinking he was a prick. When she realized where her thoughts were going, she groaned aloud at the continued reminder of her weird\'85thing\'85with Elsa.\
A few more sparse memories, each one lasting less than a minute as time fast-forwarded, but it seemed like Saul was one of the few constants in Elsa's life. As children, Saul taught Elsa the correct way to use the dizzying number of utensils at a royal table. Slightly older, Saul mapped out blueprints and Elsa pulled them from the page into reality, the both of them sharing in breathless excitement. And as much as it pained Anna to see a teenaged Elsa being taught how to 
\i dance 
\i0 by none other than Saul, the both of them smiling nervously and laughing just a bit too much when Elsa finally, 
\i finally
\i0  slipped up just once\'85\
Anna was still glad to see Elsa happy.\
And then the next memory started.\
"Release\'85"\
"Let free\'85"\
"There are no limits," Elsa finished.\
Elsa stood with Markus in the courtyard, the man standing behind as Elsa took deep breaths and stared down a scarecrow. Much contrary to her mantra, she extended her hands tentatively and the arc of snow that struck her target barely even bent it back. Anna noticed Markus frowning so heavily that the lines on his forehead creased.\
"You are not allowing yourself to be free," Markus chided. "Do not fear your powers. Embrace them. Within you is immeasurable power, Elsa, if you would only let it go."\
"I don't want to hurt anyone," Elsa said.\
"Then others will inevitably hurt you. The world is hateful and cruel and will destroy whatever they cannot understand. You are not inexperienced in this."\
Anna saw red at that jibe. How could anyone bring up Elsa's abuse just to prove a point? And what kind of point was he even trying to make? Just because some people might be like that didn't mean the whole world was out for blood\'97\
But it worked. Elsa turned back to the scarecrow, eyes hardened with steel, and this time when she struck, the wave of white that burst from her fingertips snapped the wooden stand apart like a twig and left scattered straw strewn all around like lifeblood. But not even that stopped the avalanche. It surged forward, building as it moved across the courtyard, and then finally struck the castle wall with a thunderous thud. When the snow receded, Anna saw a large crater left behind.\
"Now you see what you can do, and this is only the beginning," Markus said, smiling with self-satisfaction. Elsa breathed deeply and stared at her handiwork, then back to her hands, as though in disbelief that she could really summon up that much force.\
Years passed in a blur of memory, each one only the seconds long.\
All Anna caught from them was the growth of Elsa's power, from that first memory onward to greater and greater heights, more and more uncharted regions of her potential explored. Under Markus, Elsa learned how to channel all of her power. Anna watched Elsa learn to create snowstorms, summon gargantuan avalanches and acres of razor-sharp penitentes, until one day\'85\
A much more regal Elsa stood before her now, as tall as Anna and twice as graceful. She stood alone in the center of the courtyard, eyes closed as she took carefully measured breaths. A sharp whistle was the only warning before crossbow bolts came from all directions. Anna knew she couldn't be hurt but instinctively raised her arms as if to block; Elsa snapped her eyes open and waved her hand in an arc, releasing a swell of ice ribboning around her to intercept. She stomped her foot on the ground and the arrows ejected in the opposite direction, back to the mounted contraptions, each one easily punching through the crossbow.\
"Swords!"\
At Markus's order, a troop of fifty armed guards attacked. Anna watched in awe as the teenaged Elsa drew a blade of ice and matched them blow for blow, weaving through their ranks effortlessly and slashing and cutting and parrying and riposting. She looked like she was dancing instead of fighting; Elsa could fight better than most men could 
\i breathe
\i0 . She moved quickly, inhumanly so, all sharp pivots and turns as a gale from her offhand pushed her along at speeds no one could match, as the icy ground shifted to coordinate with her every move.\
Fifty trained soldiers against a single girl.\
It was horribly one-sided.\
A mountain of ice rose beneath her feet, and it elevated Elsa above those who still stood before her. A strange thought flit across Anna's mind at the sight. With the light of the sun behind her, standing tall atop a glacial peak and with her eyes closed in the picture of serenity, Elsa looked like a goddess.\
It didn't last. Such inhumane rage twisted Elsa's features in the next second that the goddess was replaced by a demon, and her opened eyes reflected some primal frenzy like a cornered animal. Out of clear blue skies came first drifting snow and then a howling blizzard. Just like that time when she was still young, Anna thought sadly. Markus had taught her to hate, and he had taught her well. Electricity crackled in her hands, a bolt of white-blue energy that lanced out to sear through the earth. Torrents of lightning and ice spiraled into a maelstrom, and no one could withstand its fury.\
Elsa lowered herself to the ground and crushed the sword in her hand once all of her attackers were incapacitated. From the balcony where he had watched, Markus clapped slowly. Elsa looked up with glowing pride, the smile on her face so wide it reached from ear to ear.\
"But you did not kill any of them," Markus said.\

\i That 
\i0 was a surprise, but a welcome one. Anna took a closer look at the soldiers, and to her relief, all of them were still alive. Some unconscious and the others groaning from their new sets of bruises, but alive. Elsa still had that restraint, at least.\
"I didn't think it necessary," Elsa said. Anna marveled at the change in her tone. She sounded so 
\i confident 
\i0 now, in the same quiet way of the present-day Elsa. Gone was the meek commoner girl.\
"Remember that they are lesser than you, and if they should fall, that is only a result of their ineptitude," Markus said. "Have you forgotten already what I taught you?"\
Elsa shook her head. "Release, let free. There are no limits."\
Once more, the world shifted.\
This time, Anna was greeted by the tower and thought for a second that she was back in the present. But no, Elsa and Markus were there too. Elsa was just a little bit older again, taller than Anna now and composed to faultlessness. She stood at attention with her hands folded together as Markus trudged with great effort to the mirror.\
And it was obvious to her that Markus was growing old. His short hair was gray, and ever-deepening lines creased on his forehead. His eyes were starting to sink in, rimmed with red and resembling hollow caverns. Though he still possessed an unmistakable air of power, age was taking its toll.\
"This, Elsa, is the project I need you to complete for me," Markus said. He spoke with a dry tone far from the smooth, sinuous charisma he used to possess. "It is an old legend, the Mirror."\
"I hear and I obey," Elsa said.\
"Legend says that a drop of moonlight once fell from the sky and froze the small pond that received it. That would become the Mirror, something powerful, something wondrous. It reflected\'85the heart's desire," Markus said, voice enraptured as though the very idea revived him. "This is that very Mirror." Markus lovingly ran a hand over the rim before doubling over into hacking coughs wet with blood.\
"Markus\'97"\
Proud, Markus was. He held up a hand and Elsa silenced. "But as you can see, the Mirror is no longer intact. But not destroyed, only fragmented. Its shards reside all over the world, and even smaller splinters are embedded in the human heart. Once, I sought to complete it, but I grow too old, Elsa. I leave the task to you. Watch! It resonates with your power."\
At Markus's beckoning, Elsa extended a hand forward. Light shined from the markings on the Mirror's rim and the frame began rotating slowly, starting and stopping with a series of heavy clicks. An image appeared before them of the Mirror completed, kaleidoscope snowflake spinning at its core and blue fire running across its veins. When Elsa lowered her hand the Mirror dimmed and faltered, and the image dissipated. She looked to Markus in question, but he provided no answer to her query.\
"I will die soon, so I leave it to you to complete the Mirror."\
"But you said there was a way for me to save you!" Elsa said.\
Markus nodded, smiling softly. "Even in its state, the Mirror can preserve my life if combined with your powers. If you were to keep my body frozen, when the Mirror has accumulated enough strength you could revive me. But\'85"\
"I can do it, I can save you," Elsa said quickly.\
"As you are, you are not strong enough to do this," Markus said. Hesitantly, turning slightly to the side and looking away from Elsa, he murmured, "Though there is another way\'85"\
Elsa stepped forward. "Whatever it is, I'll do it."\
Markus smiled sadly. "No, child, it is too large a sacrifice for me to ask."\
"Nothing is too large a sacrifice," Elsa said.\
Anna had an inkling of what Markus was talking about. Tobias had mentioned it, that the reliquary was being used to keep him alive. Anna clenched her fists as she realized what a cruel game this man was playing, making a show of being reluctant when he was playing Elsa in the worst way possible. Why else would he bring it up in the first place?\
"If you were to make a reliquary, you would be powerful enough. Like a lens focusing light, it would give the Mirror power to sustain me." Markus shook his head. "But it is too much to ask. You know what it means to create a reliquary."\
"Don't fall for it," Anna muttered. She stood in between them and tried to grab Elsa by the shoulders, but her hands passed through. "Don't fall for it! He's trying to trick you\'97"\
"I'll do it," Elsa said immediately.\
"Child\'97"\
"Nothing is as important as your life," Elsa interrupted, and Markus, Anna was furious to see, stared with such genuine sorrow that it made her sick. "I see no drawback to a reliquary. If it can save you, then I'll do it."\
Markus shook his head. "There is much you do not know, Elsa."\
"I do know. It's going to suppress my emotions." Elsa closed her eyes. When next she spoke, her voice was weak, vulnerable. "I need it. I need to forget the memories, Markus, I keep remembering them 
\i still
\i0 . Please. I need this to be free."\
And it was then that Anna finally understood why Elsa did it. She wanted to repress the memories of her parents, of her abuse, of being weak, as if pushing them away she could pretend none of it ever happened. From that desire would be born the Elsa she knew, the one who isolated herself so far she separated herself from humanity.\
"It's not worth it," Anna whispered, reaching with a shaking hand to hover over Elsa's cheek. "Elsa, I'm begging you. Don't do this to yourself, you're going to regret it\'97!"\
Markus nodded, and with an uttered incantation, a dark knife appeared in his hand. He handed it to Elsa and looked away with a heavy sigh, as though lamenting.\
Elsa took the knife and placed it over her heart. Anna was transfixed with horror, yearning to look away but transfixed, and she muttered under breath, over and over, "No, Elsa. No, no, no\'85"\
"Thank you," Elsa said.\
"
\i Stop it!
\i0 "\
Elsa plunged the knife in.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She couldn't control it. To preserve Markus, her reliquary also claimed the entire Southern Isles in shared stasis, and the eternal winter raged on.\
But she had to 
\i pretend
\i0  that she had control, 
\i pretend
\i0  that all was by her will.\
An imperious figure, staring down with all the authority of the divine.\
"From today on, I am Queen Elsa."\
But her eyes held nothing, only a vast, wintry tempest, and to be divine was to be alone.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna awoke with a scream.\
"Anna!"\
Through the haze, Anna vaguely registered that someone was shaking her. Slowly, her eyes focused. Anna saw Elsa at her side and holding her close, face terrified. Queen Elsa. Not the frightened child or the desperate teenager, but Elsa the Snow Queen was actually crying as she held her.\
"\'85Elsa?"\
Elsa smiled, something in between a sob and a laugh escaping her lips as she brought Anna closer, hugging her tightly as though afraid she would suddenly disappear. "You're here. You're still here."\
Anna hugged back, burrowing her face in Elsa's shoulder and breathing in the scent of ice. But there were words she had to say. Drawing on the last of her strength, Anna drew back.\
"Why?" Anna asked quietly. Elsa stilled, and now Anna could see she truly no longer needed to breathe. She was as unmoving as stone, petrified and static. "Why would you do that to yourself, Elsa?"\
"\'85You saw."\
"Everything."\
Anna laid a hand over her heart, and Elsa followed with her eyes. Little more needed to be explained between them. Anna realized that she could feel everything Elsa was feeling: the desperation for validation, the insecurity that had pushed her to the sacrifice of her heart; the need for affirmation, the fear that her choice had been wrong after all. It was a presence in the back of her mind. Or in the recesses of her heart. That would probably be more accurate.\
"I needed to be free," Elsa murmured. "I needed to forget. And it worked, Anna. I made the reliquary and suddenly the world was clearer, I could temper my thoughts and control my emotions\'97"\
"It's not control to shut your emotions out," Anna said. "You're just lying to yourself."\
"What if I don't want to feel?" Elsa asked, but the turbulence of her gaze betrayed her. Just outside, the snowstorm grew stronger and stronger. "Being human means feeling pain. I don't want to be that weak child anymore. If that's the alternative, I'd rather be heartless."\
"But you aren't happy."\
Elsa said nothing, but Anna refused to let her avoid this. She kept eye-contact and remained silent, waiting for Elsa to answer. At length, Elsa shook her head. "It's too late. It's too late, Anna! What's done is done, I knew when I made my choice. I'll never be able to reverse it."\
"Then why did you do it? Why wouldn't you give yourself a way out?" Anna asked. "There were other ways, Elsa. You could have been happy. You didn't have to\'97"\
"If I had met you sooner," Elsa said. When her lips curled into a tiny, wry smile, Anna felt her heart bleed open. "Maybe if I had you before, then I wouldn't have had to resort to this."\
"\'85But I'm here for you now," Anna said, and Elsa closed her eyes. "You're not broken, Elsa, you're 
\i not
\i0 . You said it yourself. You can feel again."\
"You heard that?"\
"Am I wrong?"\
Slowly, Elsa shook her head again. Outside, the storm raged on, wind sweeping ice and snow into an unstoppable flurry. Elsa was afraid. Was she really so scared of feeling again? No. She could see it in her eyes, feel it in her heart. Elsa wanted to, more than anything. So then, what\'85?\
"Now that you know what I am, what I've done\'85" Elsa began, voice trembling, and Anna knew what she was going to ask before she even finished. "Are you afraid of me?"\
Anna kept her eyes fixed unblinkingly on Elsa. Only inches away, they stared at each other in silence, and it felt like they were the last two people in the world. They were the only two people to matter.\
"No," Anna said. "I'm not afraid."\
With a roar like thunder, the storm calmed at last.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n:
\b0  In response to concerns: No worries (or maybe it is something to worry about), Tempest is not approaching the end. I made a huge post about it on tumblr, feel free to peruse especially because there's some cool fanart!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 12: Puppeteer Behind Shadows
\b0 \
Anna was safe and that was what mattered, but Tobias\'85\
"Come to see me rot?"\
Elsa peered through the bars of his jail cell to see Tobias sitting chained on the ground, his remaining hand lying tauntingly lax over his bent knee. She noted that his hand had been completely braced in a steel glove so that it was no longer even visible. Just a precaution in case he did learn magic through his forays into the deeper, darker parts of the libraries, but with Elsa standing vigil he could hardly escape. Even without her, though\'85\
"I doubt that is necessary," Elsa said, nodding at his restraints. "You do not strike me as having any magical ability, or back at the tower you might have saved yourself without my assistance. If I'm not wrong, you spread the rumors yourself."\
"Astute." Tobias rattled the brace, chuckling quietly as the chains rankled. "Reputation can get you far, but I'm sure you know all about that, Elsa."\
"\'85What are you trying to say? Elsa asked. "Speak in riddles again, and I promise you the pain of your severed hand a thousandfold."\
Tobias looked up, eyes alight with mad frenzy, and he shot forward so suddenly even Elsa nearly flinched back. His gloved hand slammed against the bars. The shackles no doubt strained painfully against his ankles, but he ignored them in favor of snarling across the gap.\
"Brave words, from someone who can't even control her own reliquary."\
Frost snaked across the ground and up the stone beams, but Tobias only looked ever more delighted by her reaction. Elsa reined in her emotions and the ice halted, but the damage was done. It was as good as confirmation and they both knew it, especially when her control was too tenuous to even recall the ice. Tobias retreated and slumped against the wall.\
"How did you know?" Elsa asked. "And of the reliquary in the first place. Markus created the concept, and he would never have left record of it anywhere."\
"You aren't the only one he graced with the knowledge of it," Tobias laughed.\
"\'85You?" As far as Elsa knew, Markus never favored Tobias. But she could not imagine him bequeathing the knowledge to any of his sons; Markus had 
\i warned 
\i0 her against most of them. Elsa had been his heir, and she alone was taught by Markus personally. So then, who\'85?\
"Like you said, I possess no magical talent." Tobias sobered, eyes shadowed and haunted, his laughter vanishing into thin air as his lips pursed into a thin line. "Why are you here, Elsa?"\
"Curiosity." Elsa bent down on one knee and stared him in the eye, watching as he arched an eyebrow in surprise. "I want to know why it is that you did what you did. Not for your sake specifically, but\'85I don't understand. I have done all that I can for this kingdom."\
"You cannot be serious."\
Elsa tilted her head in question.\
Tobias snorted and put his head back, quietly chortling to himself with eyes closed. "Father mutilated you beyond recognition if you cannot understand. I'm almost sorry for you, Elsa, I truly am."\
"What did I say about riddles?"\
"Of course, I remember," Tobias said, holding up his hand in jest. "There isn't always a reason, Elsa. It is base human nature to seek power, and if you were expecting some grand ideal from me, I have nothing to offer you. There is no great revelation. I am a human being, so I am greedy and deceitful. Expect the same betrayal from everyone around you."\
"I don't believe that," Elsa said. As she spoke the image of a single person came to mind. Not Markus, as she might have expected, and perhaps it would have been, any time before this. But now\'85she thought of another. There was just one person she trusted.\
"Your pet?" Tobias laughed again, body vibrating so that the chains rattled in time with his wheezy chuckle. "Ahh. You did choose well; I should tell you how she tried to stop me even while she was dying. Her name is Anna, correct? How is she now?"\
"Better than you."\
Tobias nodded. "What she deserves, then. Interesting girl, but I'll warn you all the same, Elsa. It's always the one you trust. Let your guard down, and the betrayal will only be deeper."\
"Are you speaking from experience?" Elsa asked.\
Tobias cracked an eye open, staring at her from under the cover of his hair and blinking slowly. "Astute as always. You won, Elsa, and despite everything, you did save me," Tobias murmured. Bracing his elbow against the wall and pushing off the ground, his glove scraping with a dull metallic screech against stone, he sat up. "I feel that I owe you this information at least. I did not work alone. There is another."\
"And this person knew about the reliquary?" Elsa narrowed her eyes. "Who is it?"'\
Tobias opened his mouth to answer.\
He never had the chance to finish.\
Because the moment he started to speak, he released only a glut of blood when his throat caved in.\
For a moment, even Elsa was too stunned to move. By the time her senses returned and she thought to scan the cell for whatever might have caused it, to stop whatever it might be, she saw nothing. It was as though an invisible hand had simply crushed his throat; Tobias released a single choked scream before even that silenced, windpipe ruined. Dark runes branched across his face as he writhed helplessly, spidering over his sallow skin like veins of blackened blood.\
"H-H\'97" Tobias keeled over, clutching his chest and convulsing. Even his raspy whisper left him, but with great force of will he raised his head.\
Elsa could see the pleading in his eyes, but she could do nothing. She had no way of stopping this. Elsa stood and stepped away as Tobias began bleeding from his eyes, his nose, his ears, as his mouth stretched open in a soundless scream.\
She watched as Tobias died, bringing the secret to his grave.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 A messy business.\
Elsa only managed to retreat to her room hours later, after handling the aftermath and arranging for a quiet burial. She mulled over the mysterious death but could find no concrete answers, only theory upon theory generated by a restless mind. All other thoughts left her mind, however, when she saw Anna still waiting for her. Maybe the shock of everything that had happened was too much for her to rest. It certainly was for Elsa.\
"Is something wrong?" Anna asked suddenly.\
Elsa was so surprised she almost forgot to close the door behind her, but then she realized Anna would, of course, be able to tell. In Anna's heart lay a shard of her reliquary, and it had allowed her to see the memories she buried with it. It was not so surprising that Anna would be attuned to her thoughts now.\
Strangely, the idea was not displeasing.\
"It's nothing," Elsa said, her response entirely on reflex.\
"\'85Okayyy." Anna blinked, frowning down into the cup of hot tea she cupped in her hands. After a moment, she shrugged. She pat the spot next to her in bed, and Elsa finally noticed that Anna had invited herself into 
\i her 
\i0 bed. "So are we going to talk about what happened at all?"\
Elsa pulled up a chair and sat at the bedside instead, barely holding in her smile when Anna pouted. "I think that would be best. As I'm sure you know\'85"\
"I have a piece of your heart," Anna finished. She held up a single strand of white hair that remained, entirely bleached from root to tip. "Is this normal?"\
"I don't know," Elsa admitted. "Nothing like this has happened before."\
"Does it look bad?"\
"No."\
"You answered too quickly! That means you didn't even think about it\'97"\
"And if I had thought about it, you would have said I hesitated," Elsa said. When Anna grumbled under her breath, Elsa smiled. "You look beautiful."\
Anna stilled, and for a moment Elsa wondered if she had been too direct; but then she saw Anna redden and burrow her face into her tea, guzzling it down with gusto, and she became even more confused. Truthfully, many of Anna's quirks confused her. Anna resurfaced, looking just a bit calmer.\
"You look beautifuller!" Anna said, but then she gaped and added, "Not fuller, I don't mean you look 
\i fuller
\i0 , but more, more beautiful."\
Elsa tried her absolute hardest to hide her chuckle, even going so far as hide behind her hand and pretend it was a cough. It was such a 
\i banal 
\i0 sort of excuse she immediately regretted it, but Anna brightened all the same and giggled along. Elsa listened to the sound and thought maybe being able to laugh wasn't such a bad thing, if Anna enjoyed it.\
"Your laugh is cute," Anna blurted out.\
"\'85I'm sorry?"\
Elsa watched as Anna gaped, dove into her mug, and took another overly-large gulp of tea before resurfacing. The tips of her ears glowed bright red. She was rather tempted to reach out and touch the warmth. "Can we talk about something besides how socially awkward I am?" Anna asked. "Please?"\
They made quite a pair, Elsa thought. One of them socially awkward, and the other emotionally impaired.\
She must have voiced the thought without realizing it. Anna flushed 
\i again
\i0  \'97 Elsa wondered about that strange tendency \'97 and all but shrieked, "A-A pair? What do you mean by a pair?"\
"We are two people," Elsa said slowly.\
"Oh. Right." Anna cleared her throat, looking to and fro and anywhere but Elsa. Barely a moment after, she paused and burst out, "Hey! Were you just being 
\i sarcastic
\i0 ? I didn't know you could even do that!"\
"And I didn't know I could smile half as much anymore," Elsa said, feeling her lips once again pull upwards involuntarily. "All of the emotions I thought muted have been returning."\

\i Because of you.
\i0 \
"That's a good thing," Anna said.\
Was it? She had missed this, being able to feel, without realizing just how much. How could she appreciate what she had repressed? It was a strange, ironic thing. She had discarded feeling, and by doing so lost the ability to even regret it. But now that it returned, just a little\'85\
It was relief and agony all at once. She could see she was so much less now than what she was, less than whole, like a painter gone blind or a composer gone deaf, a storm without thunder. She could remember what a life with emotion had been like, but the emotion she could touch was only a memory. Would it be better to be completely empty than have just this faint reminder of what she lacked?\
Easy enough to make her decision.\
"\'85It's a good thing," Elsa admitted.\
Anna smiled widely, and Elsa knew she made the right choice.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 A small part of her had been afraid Elsa would say otherwise, but hearing her agree\'85\
Well, Anna was happy to say the least.\
"So!" Anna leaned back against a pillow and asked, "Did you do something to save me? I remember feeling really, really cold, and I was actually starting to freeze\'85"\
Elsa shook her head. "I don't have the control to remove the shard. I suspect the Mirror might have played a role, but I'm not certain. The process just\'85reversed."\
"Do you know why the Mirror, uhh, 
\i resonates 
\i0 with you?" Anna asked. When Elsa replied in the negative, Anna scowled and mumbled, "Well, that guy basically told you nothing."\
"The Mirror may be beyond even Markus to fully comprehend, but if he knew why, I'm sure he had reason to withhold the information from me."\
Elsa stated it so factually, like even the possibility of anything otherwise was unimaginable; Anna might have believed her if she hadn't seen the memories for herself. There was something off about Markus, Anna was sure of it, but questioning his motives now wouldn't help anything. All it would accomplish was push Elsa away.\
"If you say so," Anna said. Before Elsa could comment on the thinly veiled skepticism, she added, "So I was thinking, I'm not going to have powers or anything right? Not going to lie, that would be sort of maybe fantastic, but then I think of Tobias and...? Ick, I'm not like that."\
"It's unlikely. What Tobias wanted to accomplish was very different," Elsa said, and Anna exhaled a long breath. "He was trying to wrest control of my reliquary from me, but it was not unprotected. You saw? Unthawing ice surrounds it, forever. But as for you\'85when you touched it\'85"\
"A piece of it actually went with me." Anna blinked. "Huh. I guess you just like me more then."\
Elsa smiled and was just about to respond when a loud knock on the door interrupted. Before either of them could answer, Alek came bursting through the door, looking nigh-murderous and followed by an apologetic Saul. When Alek caught sight of Elsa, he stalked over with such obvious violent intent that Anna instinctively shrank back.\
"You're making a scene," Elsa said, tone frigidly imperious once more as she rose to her feet. Despite the height difference, she tilted her chin upwards and stared down at Alek while he glowered. Anna was once again struck by the difference between the Elsa she knew and the Elsa everyone else saw.\
Now that she realized just why her cold mask looked so natural, Anna felt a throb at her heart.\
"My apologies\'97" Saul began, but Alek cut him off with a snarled, "Why is Tobias dead?"\
"Tobias is dead?" Anna asked.\
Alek looked over and finally seemed to notice her, eyes flaring wide and jaw tensing so strongly Anna could see muscles straining. And then she remembered the rumors, what Alek thought was going on\'97\
"Whoa! This is not what it looks like!" Anna said, flinging the covers away and clambering to her feet. "Look, no perverse whims and whatnot. Calm down."\
Elsa frowned, seemingly confused, but that was probably for the best considering what nearly happened with Andersen. Anna quickly nestled between Elsa and Alek, pushing them both away from each other. Both of them were obviously too strong for her to move, but they acquiesced. Feeling emboldened, Anna put on her best stern face and fixed them both with what she thought was a deadly glare.\
"Are you two ready to calm down and talk this out?" Anna asked. Elsa tilted her head questioningly but nodded, slowly, and Anna turned to Alek. Face souring, he nodded too. Behind them all, Saul watched with obvious disbelief, his eyes fixed on Elsa.\
"How did you\'85?" Saul cleared his throat. "Well, I apologize again. I told Alek to wait before barging in here, but when the news came out\'85"\
"I want an explanation," Alek growled.\
"I saw Tobias a few hours ago, and he was still a smug prick," Anna said. Although, come to think of it, she really had no idea what happened to him. "Are you sure he's dead?"\
"I was there," Elsa answered. Anna quite nearly facepalmed at the blatant disinterest in her tone, like they were discussing the weather and not a death. She couldn't even blame Alek for bristling.\
"I care nothing for Tobias, but he was still my brother. First Alvard, and now Tobias? How many of us do you plan on killing?" Alek moved to step forward again, looking ready to shove Anna out of the way if it meant getting at Elsa, but Saul grabbed him and held him back.\
"I didn't kill him."\
Alek barked out a laugh. "And you expect me to believe you?"\
"Look, give her a chance to talk," Anna chided. When Alek fell silent with a huff, she turned to Elsa pleadingly. "And can you please just\'85be a little nicer about this whole thing?"\
Elsa remained silent, and for a moment Anna thought Elsa would refuse. She could understand why. Yielding to the requests of a prisoner of war probably wasn't going to reflect very well on her authority, and Anna doubted Elsa was used to doing things any way but her own. But after a long, tense silence, Elsa closed her eyes and sighed.\
Out the corner of her eye, Anna saw Saul frown.\
"I did not kill Tobias," Elsa said slowly. "Even despite his transgression. It would have been well within my right after his attempt at treason, but I did not."\
"\'85Treason?" Alek asked.\
"Yeah, he left me for dead up in the tower too!" Anna shut her mouth but the damage was done. From the way Elsa was rubbing her temple, she assumed that was a little too much information.\
"You were in the tower?" Saul asked quickly. "What happened in there?"\
"That is none of your business," Elsa retorted. Saul drew back, looking stricken, and Elsa gave pause. She opened her mouth, as though about to apologize \'97 Anna could feel a bit of guilt in a detached sort of way, and she knew its source was Elsa from across their link. Elsa said nothing, then turned back to Alek. "As for Tobias, I don't know who killed him, but I know how."\
"Fine, I'll listen," Alek said. "But if I find out you're lying\'85"\
"Know your place. I have no need to lie to appease you," Elsa said, and Anna winced at the overly-confrontational tone. Still, Alek didn't say anything. It was true, anyhow. "Tobias mentioned another conspirator. Just as he was about to reveal his identity, a seal activated and silenced him."\
"Are you saying someone else knows magic?" Saul asked, obviously skeptical.\
"A likely story," Alek scoffed. "You are the only one here with those accursed powers, and everybody knows it. Do you have any proof, then, of this so-called magic?"\
Magic. Anna flung her hand in the air and waved it about, an epiphany striking so strongly the air was almost knocked out of her chest. "You've seen it too! When I was at the library, you remember how I fell? It wasn't me being clumsy, I couldn't have thrown myself back five feet; I was listening in and something pushed me away!"\
Alek frowned. "That could have been Tobias\'97"\
"Tobias did not wield magic," Elsa said.\
"And I heard someone in there," Anna said. "I thought he was talking to himself but what if he was talking to that other person?"\
"Many people talk to themselves while at study, whether to vocalize difficult concepts or otherwise," Saul pointed out. "And what more, none of us have ever shown any hint of the gift\'97"\
"I believe Anna," Elsa said. Saul quieted, face completely blank; but Anna could tell he was struggling to bite back his words, and his gaze flicked over to her before gazing down. "And it collaborates with what Tobias told me. If you require more proof, Alek, I suggest you dig up his body and look at the runes."\
"\'85I trust Anna too." Anna grinned, but Alek only took a deep breath with his eyes closed, then exhaled heavily as someone might before walking to the gallows. "It seems that I owe you an apology, Elsa. As Captain of the Guard, I'll make it my priority to find this killer."\
Alek had bitten the apology out so painfully even Anna thought he sounded like he found his own words distasteful, but Elsa nodded.\
"But make no mistake," Alek continued, grudging tone slipping back into a much gruffer voice while he glowered at Elsa, "I will still avenge Alvard."\
"Then you really should make it a priority to find Tobias's killer."\
None of them understood, but Anna felt a hint of quiet satisfaction from Elsa, the sort of triumph when finally reaching the answer to a long-elusive question. Confusion clouded Alek's eyes, but the subject of Alvard was unmissable. While he was as distrustful as ever, he asked, "What are you saying this time?"\
Elsa raised an eyebrow. "You should know your brother best. You didn't think it strange that Alvard, who was always talking about protecting the innocent, would choose to fire at Anna?"\
Anna winced when Alek seemed struck dumb for a moment, lips parting soundlessly. Then he whirled towards her and demanded, "Is that true?" Before Anna could answer, Alek shook his head furiously. "But Alvard couldn't have \'97 I don't believe it. You didn't say anything when we met. I remember that, so Elsa has to be lying\'97"\
"She's not," Anna whispered, and at her words Alek staggered back with wide eyes. He looked lost, all his fire quelled so suddenly it left him unbelievably vulnerable. It was as though he could barely stay on his feet; Saul helped him to a seat and Alek all but collapsed, head bowed and eyes downcast.\
"I didn't \'97 I didn't realize\'97"\
"There's no need for that," Elsa said, and Alek's head snapped up. "Alvard might have pressed the trigger, but it wasn't his will. I was always confused before, but it makes sense now. Whoever cursed Tobias was using Alvard too. Or\'85to be more accurate, sending him to his death."\
Alek said nothing.\
"Wh-Why is that?" Anna asked for him.\
"No one would think Alvard capable of actually killing me, and the fact that he ended up shooting at you makes it even more obvious that assassination wasn't the goal," Elsa said. "Therefore\'85"\
"You think the whole thing was to provoke you into killing Alvard," Saul finished.\
Elsa nodded. "Maybe he learned something he shouldn't have. And then this sorcerer placed a compulsion on his mind, sent him to kill me\'85"\
"Borrowing your hand to get rid of Alvard." Saul shook his head. "This is all well and good, but again only conjecture. All this seems too fantastical, who would do all of this, and why\'97"\
His words were cut off by a guttural snarl. Before anyone could react Alek rose and swept from the room, moving so quickly the door swung behind him. Anna moved to go after him without even thinking, but after taking the first steps she turned back to Elsa in question.\
"He won't want to see me, but you two should go," Elsa said.\
Anna nodded. Saul looked as though he wanted to argue but he bowed and left with her, his face set in displeasure for the first time since Anna had met him.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna couldn't help but ask as they left and walked closer to one of the branching crossroads. "Why is all this so hard to believe?"\
Saul smiled, but it was painfully small and quite obviously forced. "I suppose I am grounded in the things I can see and touch. All of this magic is foreign to me."\
"You're surrounded by it," Anna said, gesturing with her hand towards the icy palace. "And Elsa has it too! I thought you would, you know, be used to it."\
"Yes, but all of this is tangible. Conjecture based on unreliable information\'97" Saul took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. "Well, I trust you know more than I do. We should split up and look for Alek."\
Before Anna could say another word, Saul turned down the right fork. She was left to mull over his words while walking down the left, and she at first bristled over the 
\i unreliable information 
\i0 bit. That was an obvious jibe at her, then. Did he really think she was clumsy enough to trampoline backwards for no reason? But then she realized that Saul was 
\i jealous
\i0 . All that about knowing more\'85\
Well, Anna 
\i did
\i0 . She stopped dead in her tracks at the thought. It was strange to realize that she probably knew more about Elsa than anyone ever did or ever would, having seen her memories firsthand and even now being privy to her thoughts. She knew Elsa as well as she knew herself.\
"I wonder if I can\'85" Anna muttered, and she focused on the thought of Elsa. She could actually feel her. Elsa's presence was far-off but clearly 
\i there
\i0 , like a bright corner in her mind. Anna drew away, breathing deeply. She would need to figure this out. Later.\
She wandered the halls in search of Alek, but he was nowhere to be seen. Hopefully he had just gone somewhere to vent and wasn't doing something stupid. Maybe the thought of the mysterious sorcerer was on her mind, because unwittingly her feet brought her to the library. Strangely, the door was slightly open, so Anna carefully peered inside and saw a bright glow.\
But not magic, only flames. She walked in and noticed Edmund kneeling on the ground with a censer, eyes unblinking and unfocused as he stared into the fire.\
"\'85Edmund?" Anna called.\
Edmund turned, and his lips turned into an o of surprise. He scrambled to his feet and brushed off some powder stuck on his trousers, but it was persistent and stuck onto his hands so he bent down all over again and smacked his palms onto the ground. Anna grinned when he nearly tripped and fell doing that, but he recovered with a shaky laugh.\
"Sorry, you surprised me," Edmund said.\
"What are you doing?" Anna asked, looking into the censer.\
"Have you\'85heard about Tobias?" When Anna nodded, Edmund sat down again and pat the floor next to him. After Anna claimed a seat he continued. "I guess I'm holding a mini-funeral for him."\
"Were you two close?"\
Edmund snorted. "About as close as two male reindeer during mating season." Anna blinked and he shrugged. "Picked that up from Kristoff."\
"So why all this, then?"\
"Tobias was still my brother," Edmund said. "Nobody liked him much, you know, so I don't think anyone else is going to care or do much for him. So, that's why I'm burning some incense. He liked the libraries a whole lot, I'm thinking maybe his spirit or whatever might be here."\
"\'85Oh."\
"Scared of ghosts?"\
Anna frowned. "No! I just mean\'85" She sighed, picked up one of the incense sticks, and fed it into the fire. "Well, I guess I'm sorry for your loss."\
"It 
\i does 
\i0 seem like you're bad luck. You've been here less than a month and that's two out of thirteen now," Edmund said, but any venom in his words was counteracted by his soft smile. "But it's not your fault, I know. 
\i You 
\i0 didn't kill them."\
"Do you blame\'85 Elsa?" Anna asked. "Alek did. He came running up and almost attacked her."\
"Don't get me wrong! I don't blame Elsa at all," Edmund declared, sounding quite hurried and almost breathy. "I really don't. Elsa is really\'85perfect."\
"\'85You're not like Saul, right?"\
Edmund laughed and shook his head. "No, I just admire her a lot. I guess you could say I think of her like a big sister? I look up to her, I really do \'97 I think she has a lot of qualities that I should aspire to. I'm glad the Southern Isles has her; I can't imagine any of 
\i us 
\i0 being in charge."\
"I wish she wasn't," Anna muttered. "It's taking a lot out of her."\
"Yeah, I know. I remember when we were all younger, and Elsa wasn't so\'85"\
"Drained," Anna finished.\
"Don't sell yourself short though. Look outside," Edmund said. Anna did just that, and she gasped when she finally noticed the change. "Yeah, the snowstorm has stopped. I can't remember it ever stopping for the past five, six years."\
"You think it's because of me?"\
"I 
\i know 
\i0 it's because of you. If anyone can help Elsa, it's you. You're the only one\'85who can thaw her frozen heart." Edmund spread out his arms and lay back on the floor with his eyes closed, one hand cushioning his head and the other rubbing at his temple. "Wake me up if the library starts burning down, all right?"\
Anna nodded absentmindedly, her thoughts far away.\
"I can\'85help her\'85?"\
Yes, Anna thought. She knew Elsa best, and after everything she had seen, she knew she had to do this. There could be no one else. She had to be the one to help Elsa learn to feel again.\
"That's what I'm going to do."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Apologies for the delay, life and school kicking in. Future chapters might be a little shorter, but I'll try to keep the updates consistent! Thank you for understanding. Oh, and check out the side-story I posted if you haven't already :D\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 13: One Persistent Thought
\b0 \
"Alek!"\
Hans observed from the edge of the room as Saul scoured the hallways, shouting incessantly for the buffoon. Well, he was on the right track; Alek had stalked through not long ago, looking even more wretched than usual, and Hans wisely decided to stay out of sight. Gods knew why he looked so murderous, but Alek had always despised him. It might have been an opportunity to nudge Alek towards some foolhardy idea or another, get him killed in some crusade, but Hans wouldn't put it past him to try something violent in the mood he was in. No, Hans knew better. On the other hand, Saul\'85\
"I wouldn't suggest bothering him," Hans said, stepping out to the open and smiling when Saul flinched at the interruption. "Ahh, sorry for surprising you."\
"No, I apologize for not noticing. I was too focused on Alek," Saul said. Unfailingly polite as always, but Hans was used to being unnoticed in favor of others. Some part of him wondered if Saul realized how his words could be construed, but it hardly mattered anymore.\
"Alek left to the training grounds. If I were you, I would leave him to his usual mindless sword-waving; I believe that works for him," Hans said. "What's put him in such a mood?"\
Saul shifted. "A long story. I hardly know where to start."\
"Hmm. Queen Elsa, I suppose?"\
"In a manner of speaking," Saul said, slowly, now crossing one arm over himself to clutch his elbow. Not from cold, Hans could tell. "But not through any fault of hers. It's only that\'97"\
"No, I understand. I didn't mean to say that it was," Hans said, smile widening when Saul relaxed just a little. It was best to let them think they were safe, make them drop their guard and show their vulnerability, and then what you said next disoriented even more. Keep them unbalanced. Stay in control. "Though even you must admit that Elsa has a long history of wronging us."\
And just like that Saul was defensive again, face hardening with steel, but he was thrown off balance and Hans knew. "Queen Elsa is our rightful ruler, and I will not tolerate any disrespect."\
Hans held up his hands in mock surrender. "Of course, I forgot. You've been her staunch supporter all this time, Saul. Advocating her rule even as the rest of us chafe under her command. Working tirelessly in the background to lessen her burdens."\
"What are you trying to say, Hans?"\
"I'm saying that despite everything you do for her, Elsa doesn't appreciate you," Hans said, voice like silk and cream, gentle but all the more hurtful for his lack of venom. Saul stilled, lips parting before he swallowed, dry-mouthed and speechless. "You deserve more, Saul. You, who should have been king."\
"I-I don't know what you're saying," Saul said quickly, shaking his head and retreating a step back. "I have always given you respect as my brother, and I expect the same in return. Speak no more of this."\
"It's because we are brothers that I say this. Elsa is only the rightful ruler because Father made her so, but anyone could tell that she isn't the best choice." Saul continued to shake his head weakly, but he offered no rebuttal. Hans stepped forward and added with vicious glee, "You are."\
Saul remained silent, only looked down, but his silence said much. Even he had to have entertained the thought before, when a commoner girl with no royal blood in her veins suddenly overtook their throne.\
"Out of the thirteen of us, you are the best," Hans continued, pacing like a shark smelling blood on the water. "You are the wisest of us. You are the most able, and I admit this freely. It isn't fair that you toil away for nothing when this kingdom should have been passed to you, not to Elsa."\
"Enough," Saul muttered.\
"I realize that you think you love her," Hans said, laying a hand on Saul's shoulder, and his brother flinched like the touch burned. "And that is perhaps why you continue to allow this utter travesty to continue, but Saul \'97 Elsa has never appreciated you. As your brother, I have to tell you that you deserve more than to be second-best to an incompetent, worthless little girl from Arendelle\'97"\
"That's enough!" Saul threw off his hand, breathing deeply and clenching his jaw so tightly Hans could see a muscle pulse in his cheek. "This is treason!"\
"Tell me that you don't feel slighted," Hans said. "And 
\i Anna. 
\i0 Tell me that you think Anna could ever compare to you. You were always there for Elsa, but Anna? What has she done but taken what belongs to you? After all this time, do you not deserve to have Elsa?"\
"You already have so much to say. So why don't you tell me, since you seem to know so much?" Saul challenged.\
Hans smiled. "You answered my question with a question. That's an evasion."\
"You\'97"\
"Don't give up the throne because of some foolish sense of altruism," Hans urged. "You can have both this kingdom and Elsa if you would only act for yourself. The Southern Isles and Elsa are rightfully yours, and Anna? Anna is nothing but an obstacle."\
"I refuse to listen to more," Saul said, speaking through clenched teeth, turning away and tightening his fists so his hands would not shake, but Hans noticed the tell-tale tremble all across his body. "Goodbye, Hans."\
"You know I speak the truth," Hans said, watching as Saul left. He did nothing to stop him. The seed had been planted, and now all that he needed was time to let it grow. They could play some other time.\
And in the meantime, there was always Anna as a distraction.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa gazed out the window of her study as she so often did every day of the past week, just to make sure her eyes hadn't fooled her for the past six. Her storm had stopped. Not 
\i her 
\i0 storm in the sense that she had ever been in control of it, but the storm caused by her reliquary. For nearly six years it had raged with neither end nor even the slightest hint of weakening; and yet now it abated, leaving only a calm plain of white snow without the howling blizzard.\
She spent much of her time with Anna, and strangely that was usually at Anna's request. Elsa admitted some confusion about the girl's behavior the past week; Anna had insisted on accompanying her no matter what she did, even toiling away at paperwork, and Elsa knew that staying still and quiet for hours at a time was hardly something Anna enjoyed. It was honestly perplexing.\
Not that Elsa minded. It was something of a relief to have her company, a welcome break from the monotony even if sometimes Anna was perhaps 
\i too 
\i0 enthusiastic. Just now she had taken a look at the clock and sprinted out, yelling something about coming back quickly. Elsa was growing used to her quirks and thought nothing of it. Was this peace she had found, with Anna?\
But whatever she felt now, it didn't feel like peace.\
Her head hurt.\
She grimaced as another throb drummed through her skull, bringing with it another memory she had repressed for all these years. They were coming stronger and stronger. With practiced ease she blocked it out, imagining herself mechanically filing it away in some dark, decrepit corner of her mind. They were only hindrances muddling her thoughts, and she needed nothing of them. Let them rot away.\
Anna said that shutting out her emotions was lying to herself, but Elsa wasn't so sure. Happiness, excitement, warmth; those things she felt around Anna, those things Elsa wanted back. But her memories, her weakness, her pain? It was only human nature to avoid unpleasant thoughts. People couldn't linger in the past forever without losing themselves. Wasn't there a saying that people had to move on and look to the future? She had taken it a step further, but that was only the logical extreme.\
Yet another pang that felt like a spike being driven through her head, and no amount of rubbing her temple could ward off the pain. Long ago she had developed a habit to distract herself in case any stray thought of the past slipped through. On instinct she resorted to reciting in her head the litany of texts she memorized. In her mind's eye, she could see the exact lines on the exact page: 
\i Faust
\i0  by Goethe, Scene Five, Lines 1112 to 1117.\

\i In me there are two souls, alas, and their\uc0\u8232 Division tears my life in two.\u8232 One loves the world, it clutches her, it binds\u8232 Itself to her, clinging with furious lust;\u8232 The other longs to soar beyond the dust\u8232 Into the realm of high ancestral minds.
\i0 \
And 
\i Macbeth
\i0  by Shakespeare, followed by Webster's 
\i The White Devil
\i0 , then 
\i Frankenstein 
\i0 by Mary Shelley. She closed her eyes and visualized the pages with perfect recall, seeing their crinkled edges complete with text, borders marked with her annotations. Elsa scrambled the texts together so the words ran together into an incomprehensible jumble; then picked out one strand and traced it to its source, reconstructed it from the beginning until it was back in order and distinct from the muddle. A strange habit \'97 perhaps too chaotic for anyone else to understand how it could possibly be calming \'97 but for Elsa it was as good a method as any for driving away distracting memories.\
She couldn't afford to be distracted. Not only did she have to keep the Southern Isles afloat, she had to hasten the finding of the Mirror if she hoped to ever revive Markus. Almost a month had passed since Arendelle, and to her complete and utter surprise, there had been no sign of a shard or even a splinter of the Mirror there. She could sense them, in a way. Hear the whispers of the fragments yearning to be complete again. But there was nothing; Arendelle was a mystery to her.\
And then this new development of the Sorcerer lurking in the shadows\'85\
Elsa was so preoccupied that she missed the door opening. Only when a file dropped onto her desk did she open her eyes.\
"You seem distressed," Gustaf said. It was his voice that first alerted her of the eldest prince, a deep drawl that resembled the rumbling of a landslide, stone grinding upon stone. In a way, he reminded her of Markus; Gustaf looked so similar to his father he could have been mistaken as the same person.\
It only set her on edge.\
Elsa forced her hands away from her forehead and masked the pain, but even her indifference was a paltry act compared to Gustaf. There was a mask she could admire, one of apathy and atrophy. Markus had never been one for traditional primogeniture, preferring merit; and it was once said that he had replaced Gustaf, the eldest and most likely candidate for Crown Prince, because of his lack of ambition. Elsa knew otherwise.\
Gustaf had tried to seize the throne before she ever stepped foot in the castle.\
"What is this?" Elsa asked, but she riffled through the papers before Gustaf even answered, eyes picking out words during the split second each one was revealed. "Reports from the town?"\
"Pursue it at your leisure," Gustaf said. "There are better times."\
Elsa set the file aside. Dealing with Gustaf would take her full concentration. Had he brought them in for the sake of distracting her? It seemed petty. But why else would he personally bring them? "I admit many things have been chaotic as of late. But rest assured that everything is under control."\
"I have never doubted your ability." Gustaf claimed a seat without invitation, bulky frame and dark furs of his overcoat almost completely masking the white of her sofa. He fixed her with a heavy stare. "Only your motivation. To be frank, ruling suits you ill."\
Elsa frowned at the old jibe, the rumor that she had taken the throne by force, but from Gustaf it was especially insulting. "What exactly are you trying to insinuate?"\
"Entirely the opposite of what others might think. I know you have no desire to rule," Gustaf said, shrugging. "Father has burdened you unfairly."\
"Hardly unfair, given all that Markus has done for me."\
"Has he really?" Gustaf hummed from the back of his throat. "Well, believe what you will, but you cannot tell me you wish to rule when it is so exceedingly obvious otherwise."\
"Who else would rule in his stead?" Elsa asked, clenching her hand so ice would not erupt with her frustration. It stung that he was right. It was a tiring, thankless rule she took on, and one she longed to relinquish. "Yourself, Gustaf? You, who tried to usurp his father's throne?"\
As if deliberately angering Elsa further, Gustaf only laughed away the offense, waved his hand like he could brush the ugly past aside. "It was a foolish notion of my youth. Idealism, you know. I thought I could make the world a better place. Bring justice."\
"\'85Was there something else you needed?" Elsa could feel the migraine coming back.\
"No," Gustaf said, rising to his feet almost laboriously, both hands pressing down on his knees to support himself. "I only wanted to visit, for old time's sake if nothing else. It's been too long since you've been among us mortal ilk. Isolate yourself too long, and you'll lose sight."\
"I haven't forgotten. I know exactly what I'm supposed to be doing," Elsa said.\
"I wasn't talking about Father and his crusade." Halfway to the door, Gustaf paused and turned his head just a fraction. "You know, Elsa, you were much more open-minded as a child. Do you remember what it was like, back then? Maybe you've lost something."\
Before Elsa could answer, Gustaf walked out and shut the door behind him.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 When Anna had realized any normal lunch hour had passed and Elsa 
\i still 
\i0 hadn't eaten a thing the entire day, she sprinted off.\
Anna nearly ran into Gustaf when she returned from the pantries, charging around the corner without a care and skidding to a stop inches before what promised to be a painful impact. In her hands, a plate covered with a dome wobbled dangerously.\
"Whoa, sorry," Anna said, laughing nervously when Gustaf eyed her like she was some particularly ugly insect he was debating whether or not to squash. "Didn't see you there."\
After a long, terse moment and the silence stretched on rather uncomfortably until Anna began to think about just walking around him, Gustaf finally chuckled. "It's of no consequence, but take care in the future. You're too\'85excitable."\
"A little?" Anna shrugged.\
"Well, I suppose that's part of the charm." Gustaf chuckled again and Anna stared, not quite sure what to make of the compliment. "I must take my leave, but feel free to find me for a game of chess."\
"Sure." Anna waved as Gustaf went the other direction, quietly thinking that the day she joined another game of chess \'97 and risked getting decapitated by a stray piece flung at her head \'97 would be the day hell froze over. Although she was about as close to that situation as anyone could be, really\'85\
Well, whatever.\
Anna continued on her way, balancing the plate in one hand and her other hand unconsciously playing with the strand of white hair. It had been long enough since she left that she knew Elsa wouldn't be in her room anymore; Elsa rarely spent any time there outside of sleep, and Anna knew she barely slept so it was really just the few hours of night she decided not to work. So, office it was. Anna was close, only a few seconds away \'97 even at a slower walking pace, to avoid any repeat incidents \'97 and she assumed Gustaf had left Elsa's office just now.\
When she opened the door, Elsa looked up with visible irritation. It was more than a little surprising to see her with eyebrows knit together and lips drawn into a tight grimace, but as soon as Elsa noticed it was Anna, she relaxed. After giving the plate a bemused glance, she looked back down to her reports with a sigh. "Nobody knocks now," Elsa murmured.\
"Maybe you should just keep the door open," Anna quipped. She still closed it behind her though. Elsa liked her privacy.\
"I may as well," Elsa said. "I wonder if the rest are taking cues from you."\
"That's just unfair," Anna grumbled. "So what did Gustaf want? I ran into him outside just now. Literally. It was pretty awkward\'97"\
"Be careful around him," Elsa said, frown deepening and pen jabbing out her signature with unnecessary force. Ink splattered in a line across the page, but Elsa hardly seemed to notice.\
"Why? He seems pretty all right. Invited me to chess, but I'm probably going to bail. Cyrus and Fabian can get 
\i vicious
\i0 ."\
"I would advise you to be careful around the majority of the princes, but that's a precaution. Around Gustaf, being careful is a necessity," Elsa said. "You don't know this, but Gustaf tried before to take the throne from Markus."\
"\'85Wow. You really can't tell from the way he acts," Anna muttered. Out of everyone, Gustaf, the guy who played chess and practiced fancy writing all day? She would have expected Tobias to pull something like that, not Gustaf. "How did that happen?"\
"It was before Markus found me, but I hear that Gustaf enlisted the aid of court officials to try and force Markus to abdicate, the excuse being an inability to rule due to old age\'97"\
"No, I meant\'85" Anna interrupted. "Well, why did he do it? There had to be a reason."\
Elsa stopped with pen halfway to the page and blinked, looking so stunned that Anna could tell she had never considered the question. "I don't know. I never thought to ask."\
"At least he wasn't being murderous like Tobias," Anna said. "Is that why he's still around?"\
"More or less," Elsa answered. She rubbed at her temple again with her free hand, a habit Anna was fast discovering to be chronic. "And Markus spared his son because he is, after all, his son."\
"Do you have a headache again?" Anna walked up the dais, set the plate down, and plucked the pen from Elsa's hand. She set it aside out of her reach. "I think you need a break."\
Elsa shook her head and reached for the pen, but Anna snatched it up again and held onto it, taking the reports for good measure. "No, I still have a lot to do. Corona, especially. They're having a shortage, but resources are spread thin as it is\'97"\
A part of her wondered about how Arendelle was faring. Anna still missed and loved her home, she really did; but for the life of her, she couldn't find the subject important enough to bring up when Elsa was obviously suffering from what would likely develop into a migraine at any moment. Her 
\i own 
\i0 head was starting to throb, and if just the backlash from their link was that bad\'85\
"Elsa, you're not going to get anything done the way you are. Have you even eaten?"\
"I don't need to," Elsa said. "You know that. My powers are enough to sustain me."\
"That's no reason not to eat! That can't be healthy, living off\'85uhh, magical ice," Anna said. She pushed the plate towards Elsa and lifted the dome, revealing a tempting array of 
\i healthy 
\i0 food, not all chocolate like she had been tempted to get.\
"You're one to talk about healthy eating." Elsa nudged the meal aside and held out her hand, lips pursing into a thin line when Anna only threw the reports aside and raised her chin. "Anna. This isn't the time for games; I don't have time to dawdle."\
"It's not a game, I just want you to take a break before you kill yourself." Anna pushed the plate towards Elsa again, only for her to nudge it aside again.\
"\'85Anna, I don't need it and I don't want it," Elsa said, something dark flashing through her eyes. Anna noticed, but she ignored it.\
"You're going to eat, and that's that."\
"It would just be a waste of time\'97"\
Another attempt which Anna failed, but she wouldn't give up that easily. She tried again, followed by another try, and then another, pushing the plate closer and closer each time; and each time Elsa's frown grew deeper and deeper, her refusals more and more impatient. Until finally, when Anna was close to force-feeding her, Elsa snapped.\
"
\i I said I don't want it!
\i0 " Elsa's voice harshened into a low growl, and she sprang to her feet, swung her arm so strongly she flung the plate out of Anna's hands. Ice arced from her fingers and followed the direction of her swing, hardening into a thin layer of rime over her desk before spiking upwards into a row of tapered spears.\
Both of them stopped and stared, Anna at the ruined meal sliding down the wall and Elsa at her ice.\
When Elsa came back to her senses she jerked back and looked away, clutching her closed hand to herself and breathing deeply. "I didn't mean \'97 I-I'm sorry. Please, Anna, just\'85just leave me be."\
She was doing it again. She was going to hide away again, in fear of hurting her, but Anna knew she never would. Not even accidentally. As close as the ice had come, it had stopped.\
Carefully, Anna reached past the spikes; Elsa shrank back in her chair and drew her hand back further, following Anna every inch of the way with her eyes. But though her breath hitched, Elsa did nothing when Anna gently took her trembling hand in hers. Letting out a tiny sigh when Elsa refused to budge, Anna tugged her hand free and opened her closed fingers one by one, rubbing light circles over her skin.\
"See, nothing happened. I told you I'm not afraid," Anna said, smiling when Elsa only stared, speechless with wonder. "You don't have to say sorry all the time."\
"But I could have\'85"\
"You could have, but nothing happened," Anna said. "I just want you to take a break. I pushed a little too much, I know, but you really need it and \'97 I wish you would take better care of yourself."\
Elsa shook her head and stood, pulling away from Anna with a light tug. Before Anna could ask what she was doing, Elsa crossed the room in two quick strides. Bending down where the plate had shattered against the wall, she picked up a piece of bread, brushed it off, and slowly bit into it.\
"I know," Elsa whispered.\
Anna felt something warm inside, spreading from her heart like it pumped liquid joy instead of blood. She couldn't be sure if it was her or Elsa. All she knew was that she couldn't stop grinning, but still\'85\
"Maybe we should get you something else," Anna suggested. "That's all dirty, and\'97"\
"This is the best food I've ever had," Elsa said, continuing to savor the grubby piece of bread like it was really the greatest thing in the world. "You brought me this."\
"Y-You're just saying that." Anna drummed her knuckles together and laughed nervously, but Elsa smiled softly and seemed to have no intention of taking it back. She meant it. "It's not even chocolate, so it can't be the best."\
"Next time you can bring me chocolate then." Elsa scanned the mess of food again, but not much else was still edible. Anna could see glass shards embedded in some of the rest.\
"Don't hurt yourself!" Anna dashed forward and stopped Elsa, leading her away from the glass. "I'm glad you ate, but you don't have to, really, none of that is even any good anymore."\
"I'm sorry for wasting your efforts," Elsa said.\
"Then you know how you can make it up to me?" Anna backed away holding both hands together at her chin, trying her hardest to contain her excitement, but she couldn't help bouncing back and forth from one foot to the next. She grinned so widely she was sure her face would hurt if she wasn't so caught up with her idea, and eventually she bit her lip to hold back a squeal. It was such a spontaneous thought, but now that the inspiration struck it was persistent. She could hardly wait. It was so perfect.\
"Anything," Elsa promised.\
Anna smiled and asked, "Do you want to build a snowman?"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 14: Do You Want to Build a Snowman
\b0 \
"Do you want to build a snowman?"\
Of all the reactions Anna had expected, dread was the last.\
"I don't think we should," Elsa said, entire posture changing in the blink of an eye. She hunched inwards, hugging her arms close so even her shoulders were raised, as though that mere question were anathema. Anna felt something bleed through their link, something sickly and poisonous that seemed to seep into her bones, infecting all of her thoughts with doubt and hesitation. Fear?\
"Why not?" Anna asked.\
"I have to\'85" Elsa cast her gaze around the office, settling on the discarded reports with relief. "I have to finish reading the petitions and make my decisions\'97"\
"That can wait," Anna insisted. "Nothing is going to collapse without you micromanaging for half a day, I promise. Please?"\
"I'm really not sure, Anna, I think\'97"\
"You know I'll never stop bothering you about it until you agree," Anna said. She could tell something was bothering Elsa \'97 anyone could tell \'97 but at the same time, Elsa needed this. It was one of the last remnants of a ruined childhood, one that she needed to overcome.\
"Just this once, then."\
Anna grinned and took Elsa's hand, all but dragging her out the stuffy office and through the halls, feeling incredulous glances in their direction from all the servants. Elsa shifted uncomfortably but allowed her to continue, taking only a moment to silence the hushed muttering with a dark stare that sent the workers scampering. Anna only grinned wider. Before long they burst through the doors with aplomb, leaving them swinging furiously while they stepped outside.\
Without the perpetual storm, it really wasn't so bad outside. Anna could appreciate the beauty of winter when snow and ice wasn't flying through the currents of a howling wind and biting into her skin. Nearly all of Elsa's snow was the powdery stuff too, the type of snow that was soft and sifted through the fingers, not hardened blocks of what was essentially ice.\
There was a bit of childish wonder in seeing the pure plain of white.\
"Well, come on!" Anna ran farther out as Elsa trailed behind, seemingly reluctant, but she could feel a tiny jump of excitement in her heart that undoubtedly came from Elsa.\
Anna released a loud whoop and flopped onto the bed of snow. "Oh, 
\i wow
\i0 , that's cold." She stretched out her arms and legs and swept them back and forth.\
A shadow grew over her as Elsa peered down, looking utterly perplexed. "What are you doing?"\
"Making a snow angel," Anna said. "You've never done it?"\
Elsa shook her head slowly.\
"It's easy! All right, just lie down next to me and do what I'm doing." Anna moved her arms up and down to demonstrate. "See? Easy."\
"\'85Okay." Far from Anna's ungraceful flop, Elsa tentatively bent down, turned, and lowered herself as though she were falling onto a bed of nails. But the moment she lied down her mouth opened in a tiny gasp, and for a split second Anna saw through her eyes. Looking up at the open sky, feeling the hum of each snowflake all around her join into song as though rejoicing her presence\'85\
It was freedom.\
"You can hear them? I mean, you can hear the snowflakes?" Anna asked, turning her head to see Elsa with her eyes closed and a peaceful smile on her face.\
"Each and every one. They're all unique, and they all have their own voice. It's not that they're sentient, exactly," Elsa explained. "But they 
\i are 
\i0 alive, in their own way." Elsa stretched out and followed Anna's example, fingers brushing through the snow; and again Anna could feel it, the way every one stuck to her hands greedily and filled her mind with a content hum.\
And then Elsa laughed.\
Not the restrained sounds she had always made before, but a real, honest laugh of delight. It was clear, and bright, and very much unlike the sharp, frigid ice Elsa tried to be. It was like snow. There was so much more color than anyone could have imagined. Snow reflected the warmth of sunrise better than anything, and Elsa was so much more than anyone knew she was \'97 Anna supposed the sound of Elsa's laughter was to her what the song of the snow must have sounded like to Elsa. Anna had never heard anything more beautiful, and for a moment she was struck dumb by the sound of it.\
"Why are you staring?" Elsa asked suddenly.\
"I'm not!" Anna cleared her throat, but the reddening of her face betrayed her. Even Elsa had to know it wasn't from cold, and judging from her widening smile she was 
\i enjoying 
\i0 this.\
"Is it the cute laugh thing again?" Elsa teased.\
"Oh my god, you did hear me that time." For a moment Anna wanted nothing more than to burrow into the snow and never come out again; but on second thought, Elsa would probably dig her out without much problem so she just huffed and shuffled her arms faster, trying to calm herself down\'97\
Her fingers brushed over Elsa's hand.\
That might not have been too bad, but then Elsa decided to hold her hand and Anna stopped dead. Not that Anna hadn't done the same thing before, but when she wasn't expecting it\'85\
"Is this okay?" Elsa whispered.\
"Y-Yes!" Anna had felt Elsa beginning to pull away. It took less than a second for her to decide to tighten her grip, and Anna knew she made the right choice when Elsa smiled again. Besides, it wasn't like Anna didn't want to herself. Quite the opposite. "But, uhh, our angels are going to overlap so maybe they'll end up looking a bit weird\'85"\
"That's fine," Elsa said.\
So with their hands linked together, they continued making their snow-angels. Anna was worried her hand might start sweating, but luckily the comfortable briskness of Elsa's skin made it a moot point. Still, her heart was beating fast enough for the both of them and Anna had to remind herself to continue breathing. Something about being in contact with Elsa made her lose her senses.\
At last they stood and observed their handiwork.\
"Yep, looks a little strange," Anna said. "Look, the wings are all\'85"\
"Maybe they're just standing close together," Elsa said. "I can see it. Two angels holding hands."\
Then Anna realized she was 
\i still 
\i0 holding onto Elsa's hand. She let go with a shaky laugh and pointed back to the snow. "So, uhh, let's make a snowman! Th-That was why we came out. Snowmen."\
Anna bent down and collected a handful of snow, patting it together into a ball. When Elsa didn't come to join her, she looked back. For whatever reason, Elsa was stalling again. She was actually brushing her foot across the snow over and over in a rare show of discomfort, and something like terror leaked through their link. Anna felt as though an icy hand had gripped her heart.\
"They hated me," Elsa said, and Anna knew she was talking about her parents. She looked down at her hands. "Because of what I could do. Because of snowmen."\
"It's okay," Anna said. "No one is going to tell you to hide anymore. You can enjoy yourself. You can 
\i be 
\i0 yourself. Elsa? Let's build a snowman. Is that okay?"\
"\'85Yes. Thank you, Anna."\
"You can do the honors then!" Anna laid the snowball on the ground and shuffled to the side. Elsa took a deep breath and kneeled, reaching painfully slowly. Her hand stopped and hovered over the snowball, and she looked towards Anna. Anna nodded encouragingly. Only then did Elsa finally make her decision and roll the snowball along, and as it collected more snow and grew larger so did her smile.\
"You should get started on the middle section," Elsa said.\
"Yes, Ma'am!" Anna saluted, and Elsa shook her head in amusement.\
Anna packed another snowball and rolled it along, running to keep up and making it take wild turns. She nearly collided with Elsa on a particularly sharp pivot and again almost slipped on the icy surface as she skidded to a stop. Elsa only continued laughing quietly and rolling her snowball. Anna had no idea how when she was doing it so slowly, but Elsa had made both the top and bottom by the time she completed her own part. And they were 
\i perfect 
\i0 too, completely spherical. On the other hand, hers\'85\
"It's looking a little\'85lumpy."\
"Just a little?" Elsa asked.\
It 
\i was
\i0  an understatement. Maybe Anna had been a little overambitious, but her massive snowball resembled a porcupine gone wrong with all the little bumps and ridges decorating its surface.\
"You're being sarcastic again," Anna grumbled. She tried to chop off one of the offending appendages on her snowball with her hand. It was frozen solid and didn't budge, but it did leave Anna waving her hand and cursing under her breath.\
"I can fix it," Elsa said.\
She waved her hand towards the snowball, and even Anna expected that the edges would smoothen out, that the snowball would become perfect.\
But instead it exploded.\
Snow exploded outwards so strongly it struck Anna with the force of a cannon strike. She was thrown back and rolled on the plains until her back hit the fountain close by, and only then did she stop. Elsa looked at her hand with horror and raced towards Anna. Just a few feet away, she froze.\
"I-I didn't mean to\'97"\
"It's fine!" Anna coughed. "I'm fine, really, I'm okay."\
But Elsa didn't look any less horrified. Anna felt the blood pounding in her head, driving out all thought but panic. "Then the snowman, I can fix it, I can do it\'97"\
Elsa waved her hand again, but it wasn't so much a wave as a graceless jerk of her arm. 
\i Something 
\i0 began to form, some grotesque caricature of a snowman; Anna saw the beginnings of jagged teeth and ridged spines before Elsa flinched and a veritable avalanche destroyed whatever was left. Elsa recoiled, breathing harsh and heavy, hand trembling violently.\

\i "Larger feats are easier by comparison. When I was younger I could create more things, but my powers grew stronger and stronger, until now\'85well."
\i0 \
Anna finally understood. Even more than the influence of her parents, 
\i this 
\i0 was why Elsa didn't want to build a snowman. She couldn't. When was the last time Anna saw her do anything with her powers that wasn't for the sole purpose of destruction? Elsa wasn't capable of the finer control needed to create, to 
\i design
\i0  like she had when she was younger. Because her powers were too strong. Because of her choice to make her reliquary. Elsa's one comfort had been torn from her and Anna had done nothing but make her feel the loss all over again.\
"I'm so sorry," Anna whispered.\
It was the wrong thing to say.\
"
\i I don't want to hear it!
\i0 "\
Anna rose to her feet unsteadily, watching as Elsa bent inwards and heaved long, uneven breaths, clutching her chest where her heart was\'85or where her heart 
\i should 
\i0 have been. "E-Elsa\'85"\
When Anna reached towards her, Elsa flinched away. A wall of ice rose between them, transparent so Anna could still see Elsa but never touch her. She was so close, but she was so far away. Anna let her hand fall slowly, the terror of her own heart mingled with the fear and anger from Elsa, the need to escape, to retreat, to never let anything hurt her again. It was a deluge of desperation, so much all at once she could barely stay on her feet.\
"I don't want your pity; I don't 
\i need
\i0  anybody to pity me! Do you get that?" Elsa was all but screaming. It was snowing again. A sudden, contained blizzard sprung to life where they stood, so strong even Elsa needed to shield her eyes from the vicious gale.\
"I-It's not pity, I just\'97"\
Elsa backed away, shaking her head slowly and clutching her hand to herself. "Just leave me be, Anna, please. I just want to be alone. I 
\i need
\i0  to be alone."\

\i Alone, where I can't hurt you.
\i0 \
Anna couldn't have stopped her if she tried. She could only watch from behind a barrier of ice as Elsa left, bringing the storm with her; and suddenly, the plain of white snow, saturated by the dark purple of sunset, no longer looked so pure and perfect.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "
\i You can be king. I know you can, if I'm not there to burden you. It's the only thing I can do for you; I'm so sorry, Hans\'85I have to disappear." 
\i0 \
"Mother!"\
Hans was jolted out of his dreams with hand outstretched in a futile grasp; but no matter how much he reached he was reaching for a comfort that was no longer there, the nightmares he suffered even as he craved them. Everything hurt. He woke in a cold sweat, heaving breaths so harsh he could barely breathe. At the sound of his scream, the maid he had picked out for the night woke as well.\
"Lord Hans\'85?" Hans didn't know her name. She blinked groggily and reached out for him, to touch him again. The thought made him so sick he thought he might throw up. "Is everything all right?"\
Hans flung her arm away and she fell out of bed with a cry. "Get away from me! Get away \'97 I don't need you to\'97"\
"L-Lord Hans?" Stupid wench. She rose and perhaps thought to 
\i comfort 
\i0 him again, but he knew why she was here with him.\
"I told you to leave!" Hans caught her wrist in a steel grip, and this time he saw her eyes clouded by pain mingled with fear, delicious fear that told him he was in control at last. "Who do you think you are? You're just a whore, I 
\i bought 
\i0 you, I needed your services and I don't anymore, so 
\i leave
\i0 ! Get out!"\
He threw her back and it took only an instant for the girl to scramble away, half-dressed but desperate to flee. Hans sat back, hid his face in his hands, and focused on the simple act of breathing. Set a controlled pace, breathe in and out. Even that was beyond him. Finally he rose to his feet and dressed, cleaned his face in the wash basin, and let his feet take him where they would.\
As much as he tried to deny it, Hans already knew where he his path would eventually lead. Maybe he wasn't letting his feet take him after all. Maybe he still wanted to go, after so long.\
First to the stables, where he saw the stable-hand Kristoff Bjorgman still hard at work. As usual, they gave each other a polite nod.\
"You're here for Sitron?" Kristoff asked. As an afterthought he added, "Your Highness."\
"Yes. Thank you," Hans said, because he knew from experience that Kristoff would ask no questions, only nod and retrieve his horse for him despite the late hour. As expected, it took only a moment before Kristoff returned with the tan-colored horse and handed him the reins. Sitron neighed happily once he saw him, and Hans let himself smile just a little.\
"I know the storm stopped and all, but you might still want to bring an overcoat," Kristoff said. He strode over to the coat-stand and snatched up a particularly heavy cloak. "Take this one, Edmund left it."\
Hans took the coat and shrugged it on. Only when warmed did he realize his walk through the snow had chilled through his thin garb. Without another word, Kristoff returned to his work and Hans left.\
It was close enough that riding Sitron would be an exercise in lethargy, and the horse was not a beast of burden but a companion. Hans walked, taking the reins only to lead Sitron along, but he doubtless knew the path just as well. Far from the castle and even farther out from the stables were the surrounding gardens, now little more than a forest of dead trees. Dry, brittle branches that would snap at the slightest pressure. If only they were always so\'85\
"We're here," Hans whispered. Sitron lowered his head in deference. Within the woods stood a single tree no different from the rest. "Another year has passed, Mother."\
There was no marker for him to pay his respects to, no tombstone to kneel at and properly grieve. There was only the tree where his mother had chosen to die, unassumingly and quietly so she would bother no one in death as she had bothered no one in life, with but a single sign to show for it. The rope was still looped around its branches.\
"I thought I wouldn't need to come this year, but here I am anyway," Hans said, and he reached out to trace his fingers across the rope. Part of him wanted to take it down at last. Another part wanted it to stay as a memorial. Nothing else marked this spot.\
When Hans stepped back, Sitron neighed softly and trod forward, nudging his head under his palm so Hans could feel the soft hair of his mane and the warmth of his body. Hans brushed Sitron's hair and together, they stood in vigil.\
"Those brothers of mine who forced you to your death, Mother? Two of them are dead. I'm that much closer to avenging you," Hans said. "Would you be proud of me?"\
Something told him no.\
Hans heard that little voice in the back of his head very often. Just as often he shut it out.\
"\'85It was a high like I've never felt before. I remember Alvard pushing me around, Tobias spreading lies about you. It felt like I was finally cleansing myself of something cancerous, cutting away their filth. But then\'85I was alone again.\
"Sometimes I don't remember why I'm doing this. I tell myself, for you, but I can barely remember you now. I can't be sure. Maybe this is for myself," Hans admitted. "Is this what you felt? When you told yourself you would die for my sake? I wonder if you did it for yourself after all."\
Sitron whinnied, and Hans turned away.\
"Let's go, Sitron."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna wasn't sure where to go.\
She wandered about the castle for the next few hours hardly knowing where she was going, but she wandered anyway because there was nowhere she wanted to be. There was no one she wanted to be 
\i with
\i0 , other than the one person who wouldn't want her company anymore.\
During her aimless walk she encountered many of the princes. No sign of Alek, but Saul took one look at her and simply walked away again looking pained. Anna didn't question it. Even Fabian gave her a wide berth rather than tease her or jeer some insult, and Anna vaguely recognized that she must have looked 
\i really 
\i0 troubled to garner that type of reaction.\
"If you are distressed," Gustaf said in the lounge, "I suggest calligraphy."\
"\'85Is that what you're doing now?" Anna asked.\
Gustaf nodded and continued to ink large, elaborate letters onto sheets of parchment, all of them in different styles. "I find that it helps me keep my thoughts in order. Imitation to find focus, and freeform to allow the imagination to run free. Perhaps you should give it a try."\
"Maybe another time," Anna said.\
It was even later, when all others had gone to sleep and the already muted activity of the castle gave way to nearly complete silence, that Anna realized it had been quite some time since she visited Kristoff. In all the excitement of the past few days, she had neglected to drop by the stables. It might be good to get away from the castle. Anna left to the outdoors and followed the familiar path.\
There were still lights inside the stables. Anna opened the door and peered in.\
"Your Highness?" Kristoff called, but when Anna stepped through fully he corrected himself. "Oh, Anna. I thought you were\'85never mind."\
"Were you expecting someone else?" Anna asked.\
"Hans should be dropping off Sitron again soon," Kristoff shrugged.\
"Oh."\
"Yeah, he came by a while ago. Comes pretty often, actually, but always really late. Sometimes he just stays here and talks to Sitron, and I go out and do something else." Kristoff dragged up a stool and Anna sat down, knocking some of the snow off her boots. "What are 
\i you 
\i0 doing here?"\
"I just wanted to drop by," Anna said.\
So Anna stayed and chatted for a half hour, being evasive and avoiding the subject of why exactly she was out so late even as Kristoff obviously worried. Eventually he gave up and tried to cheer her up with Sven, the both of them incredibly synchronized as Sven pulled facial expressions Anna hadn't thought possible for a reindeer and Kristoff 
\i translated 
\i0 what he was saying, most of them corny inspirational lines.\
"The night is darkest before the dawn," Kristoff boomed, and Sven somehow smiled and blinked earnestly. "The, uhh, grass is always greener on the other side?"\
"Hey, that one might actually make sense from Sven."\
"These are 
\i all 
\i0 from Sven, I'm serious."\
Then the doors opened again, and Hans blinked at the sight of Anna. She smiled in greeting, and strangely, Hans paused for a moment as though unsure how to respond. After finally answering, he handed the reins to Kristoff and the stable-hand directed Sitron to his stall.\
"You're up rather late," Hans said. "I'll bring you back."\
"I don't really want to just yet," Anna said.\
"You probably should," Kristoff suggested. "Prince Hans is right. It can get pretty cold out here, and I'm going to be leaving soon myself."\
"I'll take her off your hands." Hans held out his hand to help Anna up, and after their farewells the two of them left. "Since you don't want to go back yet, would you like to visit the pantries?"\
Anna nodded, feeling the chill air now and trying to blow into her hands to keep warm. She felt even more wretched than ever. Not even the heat of the castle could warm her, or the fires of the kitchen. She claimed a seat at the wooden tables where the workers no doubt rested and perhaps ate for themselves, gazing around at the stone walls in silence.\
Hans sat next to her and asked, "So why were you\'85?"\
"I couldn't sleep," Anna answered. Not entirely untruthful. Just the thought of facing Elsa was unbearable when Elsa probably hated her now. "What about you?"\
"I couldn't sleep either," Hans said, smiling too tightly for it to even be considered a smile. It resembled a grimace. "Would you care to share a drink with me?"\
Anna watched curiously as Hans rummaged in the stores and withdrew several bottles. Wine. Alcohol. She had tried some before, of course. It was practically a rule of royalty to be able to appreciate fine wine, but Anna had never been very fond of the rancor, the strong burn in her throat, and especially the numbing dizziness that came with it. She thought she could use it now though. In fact, she welcomed it.\
"Sure." Anna took the glass in her hand almost before Hans could finish filling it, and she threw it back without a second thought of etiquette. It tasted horrible on her tongue, bitter and sour.\
"You're drinking like someone who wants to get drunk," Hans said, but he followed her example and downed his own without the essential steps both of them knew needed to be taken. No careful wafting, no swishing of the glass, no rolling the wine over the tongue. "Did something happen?"\
"I messed up," Anna said. "I messed it all up."\
"What, exactly?"\
"What else? I should've known when to quit, but I kept pushing. I was actually stupid enough to think I was 
\i helping
\i0 . Now Elsa\'85" Anna shook her head and took another glass as Hans watched curiously. Past the burning reflux she muttered, "She must hate me. She's going to shut me out again."\
"I would never shut you out," Hans said quietly.\
What? Anna turned to look at him more closely, heart thumping in her chest. Had she misunderstood?\
"You're genuine. Compared to others born of nobility, you haven't let it change who you are," Hans said. Anna stilled when he smiled hopefully and reached for her hand. She could barely breathe, but not from thrill, not from the 
\i rightness
\i0  she had always expected she would feel when she met the one. "I'm sorry if this is sudden, but Anna\'85I want to protect you. If you'll let me, I can\'97"\
Even through the fuzzy buzz of alcohol clouding her thoughts\'85\
Anna jerked her hand back.\
"I'm sorry," Anna said quickly. "I-I can't, I don't \'97 I'm sorry."\
Hans drew back his hand, lips turned into a wry smile. "I should have known. I'm sorry." His laugh was a bitter sound, clear and yet not, like the drone of a funeral toll. "I never 
\i have 
\i0 experienced the feeling of true love. I doubt I can give it. I thought\'85I could feel it with you."\
She remembered asking Hans about himself, and he had refused to answer. Right now, at this moment, Anna was seeing the real Hans. "Have you ever tried to love with your heart?"\
"And what 
\i is 
\i0 considered loving with your heart?"\
Maybe it was some sort of moment of epiphany. Maybe she had known all along. Or maybe it was the alcohol talking, but whatever it was, Anna felt an answer come as readily as if the words had been put in her mouth by something divine. "When your self becomes unimportant. When your heart only belongs to\'85her." She had meant to answer from Hans' perspective. But the moment Anna said 
\i her
\i0 , she could think of only one person. "No matter what pain or heartache, you just can't leave her, you can't turn back. Without a choice, and without hesitation. It just has to be."\
Hans stilled and repeated her words, pronouncing each one slowly like a foreign language. "It just has to be\'85?" He rose and walked away so his back faced Anna. She couldn't see his face anymore, but though he spoke evenly again, there was something raw and real there, something he had lacked until now. "I won't lie to you, Anna. I've had quite a number of women, but to tell you the truth\'85I've never loved anyone. No one has ever loved me. I don't know what love is; I don't believe in it."\
"Why?" Anna asked softly.\
"Father abandoned my mother from the time I was young. He doesn't love my mother, or me. He only loves himself. He only loves power," Hans said. "Since I was young, no one cared about what I felt. No one cared if I even existed. And certainly no one\'85has ever told me something like 
\i it just has to be
\i0 .\
"Today is the anniversary of Mother's death. No one will ever remember her. She died a worthless death because she thought she could escape from the shame of being called an adulteress, and she had the 
\i gall 
\i0 to say it was for me? Her last thoughts were never about me, or she wouldn't have done it.\
"That's why I only care about myself," Hans laughed. "I'll protect my own life, and satisfy my own desires. I won't give my heart to anyone. Because no one\'85is worthy."\
Anna rose and stepped closer, carefully laying a hand on his shoulder. "It's just that your heart's been hurt. Your parents\'85"\
Hans whirled around, jaw tightened and eyes alight with violence. But he didn't strike. He exhaled slowly in a shaking laugh. "Then can you tell me why? Is it because I cared too much?"\
"If you really want to give your heart to another person, then don't ask," Anna said. "It's enough to give all that you can. It's hard to force yourself to hate someone you love, you end up hurting yourself. Numbing yourself is\'85worse than feeling pain. Isn't it?"\
"\'85Maybe so. But are you sure you're talking about me still?" Hans smiled and walked back to the table, picking up a bottle and drinking from it directly. Wine spilled down his chin and stained his coat, but he didn't seem to care at all. "Well, let's drown it all away and forget it."\
Anna obliged.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Bet no one saw this coming! I'm sorry that this had to happen. Really! Anyway, there's another side-story posted featuring Gustaf and Edmund. Speaking of the side-stories, do you guys enjoy those? I'm not sure if I should do more about the others.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 15: Elsa's Lament
\b0 \
Anna woke blinking away black spots in her vision, feeling her head pound like a contingent of soldiers was marching through her skull. Her throat was sore and her mouth felt parched; but she could barely swallow. Alcohol was evil. At least she wasn't cold, though\'85\
Because a rather familiar overcoat was draped over her shoulders. Anna slid it off, recognizing it as the one Hans had been wearing, and nearly panicked until she checked 
\i herself 
\i0 and saw she was still fully dressed. Nothing had happened. Once she calmed down she could remember everything anyway. They had been drinking, and then drinking some more, and then Hans had told her to stop, which was probably wise because she collapsed not long after.\
Where was Hans, then? She looked around the kitchens, but there was no sign of the prince. Anna was more than a little disappointed that he ditched her, but it made sense that he left after she blacked out. No more alcohol for her. She pushed against the edge of the table to rise to her feet and then shook her head to clear her thoughts. It did little except make her even dizzier. Anna bowed her head, and only then did she see a slip of paper tucked under the candleholder.\
She took the paper and slowly unfolded it.\

\i It's a pity that I can't stay with you, Anna. Because I'm afraid\'85I'll really fall in love with you. 
\i0 \

\i Don't worry; I haven't yet, not quite. I know your heart belongs with another. It's just that your heartfelt advice touched me deeply. From now on, please try not to make a man feel touched, because he 
\i0 will 
\i end up falling for you. I have gone too far already. I cannot afford to be distracted, but thank you regardless.
\i0 \

\i Finally, I would like to offer you some advice as well, though I know you will not heed it. You told me that love from the heart "just has to be," but that, while precious, is also a path of no return. Especially in the case of Queen Elsa, someone who even I cannot fully understand. But, knowing you, something as simple a matter as that won't stop you.
\i0 \

\i Take care.
\i0 \
"Is it that obvious that I...?" Anna sighed and crumpled the paper in her hands.\
Who was she kidding? Everyone knew, and if Anna would stop lying to herself for one second, even she realized exactly how she felt about Elsa. Love from the heart was something that just had to be. Where had those words come from? She had hated Elsa, and then puzzled over her, cried for her, hurt because of her, but she had never wanted to give up.\
It just\'85had to be that way.\
Anna stumbled out of the kitchens, unsure if her dizziness was from hangover or the revelation that she had fallen in love with Elsa. Queen Elsa, the same queen who had conquered Arendelle, but also the same one who had tended to her wounds, protected her from harm, and done nothing but care for her.\
Anna needed to see her again.\
"It's already so late\'85" Out of the enclosed kitchen, Anna looked out the windows and saw the moon shining bright in a perfectly cloudless sky. It had been evening when she decided to get drunk. It had to be a ridiculous hour now. "Where can she be?"\
She needed to set things right again.\
Anna walked back to their room and carefully opened the door, but it still creaked with a dull groan and she winced at the irritating noise. When Anna peered in, she saw an empty bedroom with no sign of Elsa. Not entirely surprising. Anna's next try 
\i would
\i0  be the study, but she had a feeling Elsa wouldn't be there either, not after that fiasco. There 
\i was 
\i0 a way of making sure, but would it be an invasion of privacy?\
Desperate times called for desperate measures. Anna closed her eyes and reached for that same bright spot in the corner of her mind she had prodded at only once before. Last time, she had recoiled. This time she pushed further, feeling the link expand between them and more and more foreign thoughts pour through to her mind. It was absolute turmoil. On the other end was nothing but a maelstrom of confusion and loss, spiraling together until thoughts had neither beginning nor end. All from Elsa\'85\
A part of Anna hadn't been expecting it to work, but through the tumultuous thoughts appeared a hazy image of Elsa standing at the balcony.\
Anna pulled away sure she would be disoriented, but instead the headache of her hangover had vanished entirely and she was more determined than ever before. She raced to the main hall and up the spiral stairs, though her steps slowed when she realized she was retracing the exact same path she had taken to the tower. D\'e9j\'e0 vu, but she wouldn't let that stop her. Picking up her pace again, Anna opened the doors and stepped outside to the balcony.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was cold that night, even colder than usual and focused, somehow, so that the wind felt like the edge of a serrated blade. Even though she raised her arm as a shield, her eyes still watered from the buffeting of the fierce gale. She may as well have been walking into a hurricane. But maybe she really 
\i was
\i0 , and she was headed for its source.\
But Anna didn't feel cold, not when she only had eyes for who lay ahead. Standing only a few steps away was Elsa, looking out with her back towards her and hands resting on the edge of the balcony. A forest of dead trees stood beyond the outlook, what should have been a treeline of thick, abundant foliage reduced to little more than brittle branches. They twisted and contorted at grotesque angles, bent by wind and battered by snow into a visible expression of pain. Nothing survived outside.\
"I thought I felt something," Elsa murmured, not looking back as Anna approached, and slowly the wind calmed to a light breeze. "I could feel it when you tried to reach out to me."\
"I'm really sorry about that, but\'85I needed to know where you were."\
"It was fine. It felt warm."\
"Can I join you?" Anna asked. Elsa nodded, again without looking back. Anna turned and leaned her back against the railing so that while Elsa faced outwards, she faced the castle. It was probably cowardice, to address the wall, but just hearing Elsa's voice was more than she could bear. The Elsa she had met \'97 regal, proud, beautiful and horribly powerful as ice blasted from her fingertips over and over again \'97 had been someone she feared and admired: a woman who was more than mortal, the storm itself, the goddess.\
Powerful as Elsa was, she was just lost and Anna felt pain in the very depths of her heart.\
"Why are you out here?" Anna asked softly.\
"I don't know. A lot of reasons," Elsa said.\
"Do you want to tell me?"\
"That's unusually hesitant for you."\
Anna lowered her head and let her foot shuffle back and forth, silent because she couldn't find the right words. There wasn't a way to say exactly what she felt, not without devolving into a rambling, incoherent mess. "Well, I \'97 I've learned my lesson. About earlier, I\'97"\
"I apologize about before. I overreacted. It won't happen again."\
There it was, the ubiquitous apology. Anna had been expecting it, and not just because she had heard it so many times. Elsa only ever apologized to keep distance. She would never apologize to anyone but Anna, because there was no one else who might be able to get close. Anna could recognize now how every time Elsa had said those same words before, she had been trying to push her away.\
"You didn't overreact, I pushed you," Anna said.\
"I should have been able to stay in control," Elsa said.\
"Just because you became upset doesn't mean you lost control. Everyone can get that way sometimes, so don't try and shut it out along with everything else\'97" Anna took a deep breath. She was doing it again, pushing too hard without a thought. There was a time and a place. "Let me start over, all right? I should be the one to say sorry. I wasn't thinking."\
"Apology accepted."\
Coming from that deadened voice, Anna may as well have heard the opposite for all that it mattered. Elsa wasn't angry. Hearing anger would have been a relief, because it was worse, much worse, to hear that flat monotone. Elsa just didn't 
\i care 
\i0 anymore. She was giving up again.\
"You didn't tell me why you're up here," Anna said. Her eyes roamed up, to the tip of the tower, and her mind went to what, and who, resided there.\
"\'85It's so perfect." Elsa tilted her head and Anna turned to follow her gaze instead to the moon, pale and flawless and bathing the tress below so that even their deadened husks glowed with ethereal white light. "You asked me about the Mirror, and I wonder the same. How is it that I'm connected to it? But then, there are so many similarities between us. We're both fractured and unrecognizable. Does the Mirror dream of the beauty of the moon, I wonder?"\
"It's only perfect this far away," Anna said. "If you look closely, anything has its flaws. It's just natural."\
"\'85Just natural," Elsa said. She bowed her head. "Do you ever wonder about something as simple as who you are?"\
"No," Anna said.\
"You never had to, because you're Princess Anna of Arendelle. But I\'85" Elsa exhaled a shaky laugh, the rustle of dead reeds on a dry river bank. "Who am I? Am I the peasant, Elsa of Arendelle, or Queen Elsa of the Southern Isles?"\
Anna stilled.\
"You didn't see it, then. I wondered why you hadn't asked," Elsa said, and this time her laugh rang clearer so that, just as in the morning, Anna was struck by the beauty of her voice. Only in the opposite way. A voice such as hers could imbue words with colors, textures. Hearing such a wry, bitter sound come from her lips felt horribly wrong, somehow made it more perverse. "I was born to Vagn and Elmira, common peasants who lived on the outskirts of the kingdom of Arendelle. Then I was raised Princess Elsa of the Southern Isles, because I was gifted with a curse and could find no solace elsewhere."\
"Is that why you asked me so much about Arendelle?"\
"No. I never cared about that wretched place," Elsa said. "It was where I was born, where my curse manifested itself, and nothing else. If I could choose, I would blot out that connection as well."\
Another time, Anna might have tried to defend Arendelle, might have bristled at her home being called wretched. But knowing what had happened\'85\
No. Elsa had every reason to despise Arendelle.\
"You think of your powers as a curse?" Anna asked instead.\
"Does it matter? For all I know, these powers could be. I don't know why I have them."\
"It's magic," Anna insisted. She clenched the railing until the skin of her knuckles was drawn so tight it felt ready to split apart. "It can be beautiful if you would just let it be. There's nothing to hide, nothing to be ashamed of. It's part of who you are, Elsa."\
"It 
\i was 
\i0 beautiful. And once, I was enamored by the possibility," Elsa agreed. Then her voice harshened like the crack of a whip. "But you're forgetting who I really am." A hum droned from behind, and Anna turned to see a ball of electricity resting at the tip of Elsa's index finger. She flicked it forward and a bolt of lightning tore across the sky with an ear-splitting crack.\
Anna turned away.\
"Are you trying to prove something?"\
"I destroy, I kill, and I don't regret it. A part of me 
\i enjoys 
\i0 it. Can you understand that, Anna?" Elsa asked. Although her tone was flat, nothing could mask the surge of viciousness Anna felt in her heart: the thrill of adrenaline singing in her veins when she was in control, the glory of power when she saw those who feared her at her mercy. For too long, it had been the other way around.\
Not so long ago, knowing that would have disgusted her. Anna had never thought her answer would be the one she was about to give.\
"Yes, I can."\
Elsa paused. And then: "How can you?"\
They had both avoided the subject long enough, taken every conceivable opportunity to ignore what lay so blatantly in front of them. Ever since Anna woke up with a shard of Elsa's heart embedded in her own, not once had they ever talked about the memories. Anna hadn't known how to breach it. Elsa had been content to let them fade away again. Not anymore.\
"I saw everything," Anna murmured.\
"Pity, then," Elsa said cuttingly. "I don't need it. I'm not that weak child anymore at the mercy of others. Nothing can hurt me now."\
"It's not pity. I was 
\i there
\i0 , I felt what you felt. I still feel what you feel now," Anna said. Her hand fluttered up to rest over her heart, feeling the throb of their pulse against her fingers. She could feel every emotion as strongly as if she lived through it herself, the fear, the hate, the desperation. "And maybe I still don't understand completely, but I never will if you won't let me. I'm 
\i trying
\i0 , Elsa."\
"Then try if you can. Tell me how I feel," Elsa challenged.\
"I will."\
"And what if you're wrong?"\
The half-threat lingered in the air like smoke and honey, the echo of a dirge.\
"I won't be wrong. I know you," Anna said.\
Elsa said nothing, and Anna took that as permission to continue.\
"At first I thought you hated being different, but that's not true. You\'85loved your magic. You 
\i still 
\i0 love it." No matter how much Elsa had yearned to be accepted, she had never once considered abandoning her 
\i gift
\i0  in exchange. Anna knew that. How could she not, when the memory of Elsa's awe at her own ability was burned into her heart? It had been the most beautiful thing in the world, and it always would be.\
Again Elsa said nothing. Anna continued.\
"But what you loved wasn't power." It was the song of the snowflakes she had craved, the dancing of snowmen, never the drone of war and the smell of blood-soaked ice. "You wanted to create, not destroy, and that's why it hurts, because\'85" Anna paused. Maybe it was just her imagination, but she thought she felt her heart skip a beat. It certainly wasn't her imagination that frost was beginning to ice over the railing and down. She could see it spreading under her feet. "You can't anymore."\
Anna tightened her grip on the railing, feeling ice crunch under her hand.\
"Nothing hurts," Elsa said, deigning to speak at last and so carefully measured in her tone it became obvious just how close Anna had hit. "Maybe what you're saying used to be true but I have control now, I would sacrifice whatever childish, 
\i na\'efve
\i0  aspirations I had for this power\'97"\
"Then why did you run away this morning?" Anna asked.\
Elsa stiffened. "I didn't run away."\
Anna smiled sadly. "You're always running away, Elsa."\
"From what?"\
"Yourself," Anna said, and she could ignore the throb in her heart, the sting of truth that made her want to break something, because she knew that was Elsa and not her. "You repressed your emotions just so you could get away from the memories. Is it so hard to admit?"\
She heard Elsa exhale heavily.\
"Please just be truthful with me. Please," Anna whispered.\
"\'85Yes," Elsa admitted, speaking hurriedly now, desperate and out of breath though she no longer even needed it. "Designing was the only thing I had, Anna, the one thing I had that made me think maybe, just maybe, I wasn't a monster; and then I mutilated myself, 
\i I threw it away
\i0 . I 
\i need 
\i0 to have made the right choice."\
"It wasn't your fault."\
"Wasn't it, really? I made my choice; I don't deserve to regret it."\
"It wasn't your choice. Maybe you thought it was, but you never had one." Anna could feel that Elsa wanted to question her, but she wouldn't be sidetracked because she 
\i knew 
\i0 that was a battle she couldn't win, not yet. "You're not letting yourself 
\i be 
\i0 yourself."\
"\'85What are you saying?" Elsa sighed with an age-old weariness, one that was enshrined in her soul. Anna knew Elsa wanted this conversation to stop. She wouldn't allow it.\
"You're right that there's nothing to pity," Anna said. "Everything that happened to you \'97 I wish it never happened, but I don't pity you. It made you who you are, all of that was a part of you, until you decided to pretend like it never happened."\
She wasn't sure how their conversation had taken this turn. Anna had intended to 
\i apologize
\i0 , not blame, and yet here she was feeling utter fury that Elsa had willingly destroyed part of herself. But not at Elsa. She didn't blame Elsa. She was angry for her, but not at her.\
Elsa clenched her jaw, so tightly Anna could hear a slight grind where her teeth gnashed together. "Is that so wrong?"\
Anna could easily say no. That was the answer Elsa wanted and the answer that didn't push her, the answer that would guarantee things become normal between them again, and they could go on as they had before. And what Elsa did was understandable. It was 
\i almost
\i0  right. Was it really wrong to try to be someone else, when everything that made you, 
\i you
\i0 , was so painful?\
"Yes. You..."\

\i You used to be more than this. You were more than just your powers because you could 
\i0 choose
\i , but now you let yourself become a weapon. This isn't what you wanted. This isn't magic. This isn't 
\i0 you.\
It was an impulse to forgo speech and just 
\i think
\i0 , think as hard as she could and hope Elsa would hear her and feel what she felt. Words weren't enough, not truly. Words were weak. Emotions and impressions, abstract thoughts and sensations, 
\i feelings
\i0 , those were the messages she sent Elsa.\

\i Be yourself. Feel. Don't conceal. 
\i0 \
Elsa leaned forward and took in a deep, shuddering breath. She made no other indication that she had heard, but Anna knew she had and that was enough. Elsa said nothing for a long while, until\'97\
"He told me to kill you, twice now."\
Such silence fell over them both that Anna was sure the only sound came from her breathing, and even then it felt as though they had stepped through to an empty void. She didn't need to ask to know who. Elsa would only take orders from one person. Anna asked simply, "Why?"\
"Because you are a distraction," Elsa answered.\
"Am I?"\
"Yes."\
"What else did he say?" Anna asked.\
"He said that you would destroy everything, that you would ruin me."\
"Have I?"\
"Yes," Elsa answered, urgently. "You've shattered me all over again, utterly and completely. Whatever peace I had found, I've lost because of you."\
Anna raised her chin as though baring her neck and awaiting her fate, but she did so in challenge and trust. "Then are you going to kill me?"\
"I won't," Elsa said. Anna felt her heart skip a beat, this time of her own accord, at the vehemence in Elsa's tone. "No matter what anyone says, I won't kill you."\
"You said it yourself that you enjoy it," Anna said. "Why am I any different?"\
"It's not \'97 I don't\'85" Elsa swallowed. "You're Anna."\
"Is that all you're going to say?"\
"What do you want me to say?"\
Anna shook her head. "It's not that I want you to say something in particular. I just want you to say what you feel, because I know you still can. Or if you can't say it out loud, at least admit it to yourself."\
"Why\'97?"\
"I'm not going to tell you one thing and do another. I'm going to do what my heart tells me, and say what I need to say." Anna closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I \'97 I love you." Elsa didn't respond, but Anna had expected as much so she put on a brave smile. "Maybe I'm being stupid, but I do. I'm sorry if I misunderstood your feelings. I thought you..." Anna laughed. "Never mind."\
She had done all that she could for Elsa, and now it was time for her to make her own decisions. Anna began to walk away.\
Until she felt Elsa wrapping her arms around her, pulling her back.\
"Why do you have to force me?" Elsa asked, and for the first time her voice shook. "I-I've tried so hard to deny it. I want so much to just let you go, I don't want to ever hurt you. Ever since the day I met you, my heart\'85I couldn't push it away or hide from it anymore. Because of you, I\'85" Elsa loosened her hold.\
She had fought to look away before. It was impossible now. Anna turned to look at Elsa and saw tears welling in her red-rimmed eyes, sliding down her face, but Elsa made no sound, no move to wipe them away. Whatever defenses she had built up were gone, leaving her gaze vulnerable but gentler, softer. Anna silently brushed Elsa's tears away, thumb gently tracing over soft skin.\
"All I want is to lean on you. I was taught never to rely on anyone. I was told that dependency makes me weak. But\'85" Elsa smiled through her tears. "But when I see you, I become not like myself. No matter what I do, I just can't pretend anymore, I don't know who I am, I\'97"\
Anna pulled Elsa into an embrace. Elsa held on and leaned her forehead against her shoulder, finally breaking down into quiet sobs. Anna could feel her entire body trembling against her and held on tighter.\
"It's okay. You don't have to say anymore," Anna murmured. "No matter what happens\'85"\

\i You're still my Elsa.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 It's my first time writing a confession scene, but they're finally together!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 16: Bite Like Chocolate
\b0 \
Elsa woke to a gentle, rhythmic beat that filled her ears, the lulling sound easing into her consciousness. She became aware of a warmth pressed flush against her body, and as her mind gradually became alert, she realized her arms were wrapped around something. Or rather\'85someone. Her head rested against a shoulder and her arms encircled a slender waist, and as Elsa lay there quietly she felt the slow rise and fall of breathing. Arms enfolded her in return and held her gently, a cheek resting softly on her head.\

\i Anna
\i0 , Elsa recognized vaguely when memories of the last night came to mind.\
They were both practically sitting on the bed, Anna leaning against the headboard at an uncomfortable angle. Elsa felt some soft fabric against her skin, but the sheets were tangled around her lower body. Anna was sitting without blankets or pillows, her thin nightshirt \'97 the fabric Elsa had felt \'97 the only thing keeping her warm. It was pale red and sheer, and barely reaching past the middle of her thighs. Anna had to be cold, especially lying so close to her. Elsa shifted away slightly and heard Anna stir.\
"Elsa?" Anna mumbled.\
Dropping her grasp, Elsa pulled away and shifted the blankets to cover Anna from the shoulders down. Blinking groggily, Anna sat up straight. Elsa looked away. There was silence, and Elsa didn't know what to say. There was nothing 
\i to 
\i0 say, and contrary to her expectation, Anna said nothing either. If she was at a loss for words as well or maybe comfortable in the silence, Elsa couldn't tell without looking at her face. Still, Elsa could feel Anna's gaze on her, seeming neither embarrassed nor hesitant.\
After the silence had drawn out, Anna said gently, "You were having nightmares again."\
She remembered. Images still flickered through her conscience like scattering leaves caught in the wind, trapped and unable to settle. It had been many years since she had nightmares. When Markus first brought her back, Elsa dreamed every night of her parents and could hardly sleep at all. Her tactic then had been to train until she collapsed, too exhausted to bring up what plagued her, body too spent to even dream. Then after creating her reliquary, she could push the memories away as though they belonged to someone else. She hardly needed rest anymore, but when she did her sleep was dreamless.\
Until they returned with piercing clarity now. Her memory of what happened after the balcony was hazy; Anna had guided her back, somehow. Even hazier was her recollection of what happened during that period caught between dreams and reality, neither less terrifying than the other, but Elsa remembered Anna crossing to her bed. Just Anna's presence had been enough to calm her, but now that she was awake and her mind was clear, she could recognize that 
\i something 
\i0 had changed between them. Walls had fallen, and Elsa had no clue how to cope.\
Elsa gave a noncommittal nod and rose from bed.\
Or at least 
\i tried
\i0 , because at the last moment Anna reached out to hug her waist and tugged her back. Elsa stumbled back to a seating position at the edge of the bed, gasping aloud at the sudden pull.\
"You better not be all weird now," Anna grumbled against her back.\
"I wouldn't dare," Elsa said, feeling her muscles relax as every bit of tension left her body just like that. It was just Anna. What exactly had she been worried about?\
Hands slipping over Anna's and relishing the gentle warmth she always exuded, Elsa turned her head and smiled softly at the sight of Anna pouting. With her bottom lip jutted out and her hair tangled into a mess of red \'97 with the one streak of white that Elsa was inordinately pleased to see \'97 Anna looked\'85\
"You're adorable," Elsa said.\
The pressure around her waist tightened as Anna groaned, but after that last squeeze she let go and flopped onto her back. "You're making fun of me again. I know I look ridiculous."\
"Maybe, but I can't imagine you prim and proper." Without thinking, Elsa leaned down and brushed her hand over Anna's hair, running her fingers through the bleached tress so that it straightened. It gave her an odd thrill to see Anna had kept the strand, though maybe the thought to cut it away simply hadn't crossed her mind yet. A part of Elsa still expected Anna to recoil from her touch, but she barely seemed to notice the dangerous proximity.\
"Some princess I am, right?" Anna asked. Elsa paused. Apparently Anna 
\i had 
\i0 noticed what she was doing, because she sat up looking bemused. "Hey, are you that ashamed of me?"\
"Of course not. I was just distracted."\
"Maybe you're still tired. I don't think you got much rest." Anna rose from bed \'97 Elsa heard more than a few joints crack from her poor posture \'97 and bounded to the bathroom, her voice filtering through the sound of running water. Warmed water, of course. Elsa had never cared about the temperature herself, but she had made sure the appliances were fitted with a gas furnace so Anna was comfortable. "Just lie down and get some more sleep!"\

\i I don't need it, I'm more worried about you
\i0 , Elsa wanted to say. She had slept well, better than she had in years, but Anna must have been uncomfortable.\
Less than ten minutes later, Anna dashed out looking remarkably well-groomed for her previous dishevelment. "I'll be right back!" Before Elsa could say a word she threw a cloak over her nightshirt and was out the door.\
"Where could you possibly be going?" Elsa murmured. She lifted a hand and rubbed at her temple, the beginnings of a migraine kindling at her skull. She had said she was distracted, but really it was the opposite. Her eyes had been opened, and her headaches had never been worse.\
She had almost allowed herself to forget. Anna was not hers. Anna was Princess of Arendelle. She was only here because\'85\
Elsa attempted to brush her disheveled bangs back, determined to push the thought away as long as possible. She had found her distraction at last. Without using her powers to freeze it in place, her hair refused to stay up, leaving the long tresses to frame her face. It was just as well. It gave her something to do, other than picking at the ends of her nightgown and wondering when she had changed into it.\
"I'm back with breakfast!" Anna carted in a trolley, and the sight pained Elsa even as it warmed her. It shouldn't have fallen to her, this sort of work. Anna took one glance at her and asked, "What's wrong?"\
Elsa shook her head. "Nothing."\
Anna looked skeptical, but she didn't contest it. "Well, I brought us a ton of sweets!" She flipped the cover off to reveal an array of confections, the sweet tang of sugar palpable even in the air. "I've got cakes, truffles, caramel, fudge, and just lots and lots of chocolate\'97"\
"How did you get this all so quickly?"\
"Oh." Anna laughed nervously, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. "I actually, uhh, prepared a lot of this for yesterday. But then\'85you know\'85the snowman\'85"\
"We shouldn't waste it, then." Elsa swung her legs over the side of the bed, but Anna shook her head and she paused.\
"Just stay there," Anna explained. She rolled the trolley closer and then jumped up into bed herself, snatching up a plate of chocolate \'97 each one cut into a rounded snowflake \'97 and setting it between them. "Now we're ready."\
"We're going to get the sheets dirty," Elsa said gently.\
"Are you calling me a slob?" Anna huffed.\
"\'85No. And before you say it, yes, I admit I hesitated."\
Anna looked torn between laughing and keeping up her show of displeasure, and when the giggle burst forth she tried desperately to stop it. Elsa heard a muffled noise that sounded like a cross between a screech and a snort, reminding her of a bird call. Anna widened her eyes in horror and blushed bright red, clasping her cheeks and biting her bottom lip. Elsa had noticed that habit a long time ago. It was something of a guilty pleasure to watch, especially when Anna poked her tongue out to wet her lips afterwards. Every time she did that, Elsa felt a curl in her stomach.\
"That sounded gross," Anna groaned. She took off her cloak \'97 Elsa averted her eyes politely \'97 and laid it across the bed. "There, now we have like a picnic thing going on. No more about my awkwardness."\
"Any hesitation on my part concerning that noise would be justified, I think." Elsa smiled wider when Anna hid her face. She picked up a chocolate and took note of its shape, similar to her own snowflakes. All of the chocolates were a little different, but so subtly that Elsa was sure they were 
\i meant 
\i0 to be the same. Strange. She carefully placed it in her mouth and bit down.\
Just once, and then Elsa stilled.\
"You look really pained," Anna said, wincing. "A-Are they bad?"\
"\'85Why do you ask?" Elsa rolled the chocolate around her mouth, pushing it to one side and suddenly thankful that she had no need to breathe. Some water might not be amiss. Her eyes flit around the room, but no such luck.\
"I'm just going to try one." Anna took a chocolate snowflake, looked it over with all the professional air of a gold appraiser, and then threw it back. She bit down. Immediately her face paled, so badly she bore a passing resemblance to Elsa. She dashed over to a bin and spat the thing out with her tongue hanging out, face screwed up in agony. "That was disgusting! I think I used salt instead of sugar, ugh\'97"\
"You made these?" Elsa asked. She swallowed. Not too bad. Something about the saltiness was novel, better than just mundane chocolate.\
"Y-Yeah." Anna reached towards the trolley and slowly pulled out another plate. "Try this one instead?"\
Elsa dutifully took another piece, a small globe of milk chocolate with a smattering of powdered sugar on top. She carefully took a bite. An explosion of flavor filled her mouth, and she put on a brave smile while swallowing as quickly as she could.\
"Oh, you've got to be kidding\'85" Anna took a bite for herself before jerking the chocolate away, fixing it with a deeply offended glare, and then she shrieked, "I used spoiled milk? How is that even 
\i possible
\i0 \'97?"\
Elsa laughed as she had never laughed before, feeling stitches in her side \'97 she had no idea how 
\i that
\i0  was possible when she didn't need air \'97 and tears of mirth flow from her eyes. She couldn't have lowered her volume or covered her mouth as she had been taught even if she'd tried. Just the thought of Anna using 
\i salt and
\i0  
\i spoiled milk 
\i0 sent her into another bout of uncontrollable laughter.\
"Hey! Y-You\'85" Anna broke down and laughed a little herself, shaking her head. "Okay, I deserved this one. Just wow. This is a new low for me."\
"I do like the shapes," Elsa said, still chuckling. She took another piece.\
Anna looked horrified. "You're not going to keep eating these? I'm going to give you food poisoning! I could kill you with bad chocolate!"\
"If only it were that easy." Elsa winced through another round of salty chocolate mixed with a sour, moldy aftertaste, but she thought they were delicious all the same. When Anna tried to take them away, she grabbed the plate and set it back down. "You made these. I'm not throwing them out."\
"Something always happens when I bring you food."\
"I'm quite amazed you managed to find sour milk."\
"I don't even\'85" Anna shrugged, and then sent her a pleading look. "I sort of expected this would happen \'97 not the sour milk, exactly, but this 
\i was 
\i0 the first time I tried making anything \'97 so I asked the experts to make some just in case. Let's just eat the ones made by professionals, okay?"\
After taking a moment to consider, Elsa decided to give in. After all, 
\i she 
\i0 wouldn't get sick eating these, but Anna had no such protections. Knowing Anna, she would refuse to let her bear the burden of eating the poisoned chocolates alone, though Elsa honestly had no qualms about it. They were starting to taste delicious, actually. Must have been an acquired taste.\
Elsa waved a hand over the two plates, carefully reining in her overflowing power to form a simple dome of ice around both. It was painstaking work siphoning off the excess charge, concentrating on letting the barest hint of her magic free, and she knew that any other day she would most likely have failed. But it was\'85easier, today. It reminded her a little of the past, when she could create anything she desired as though it were the most natural thing in the world. Just a 
\i little
\i0 , but it was a cheering thought.\
"Here's a triple chocolate fudge cake," Anna announced, having the decency to leave the monstrous cake on the cart and instead cut out a slice and slide it onto Elsa's plate. "Complete with chocolate icing and chocolate filling, then topped with chocolate strawberries and even more chocolate ganache."\
"Isn't this a little excessive?" Elsa eyed the slice, unsure where to start.\
"There's no such thing when it comes to chocolate."\
Anna flourished her fork with considerable finesse \'97 Elsa admitted some admiration of the easy way she handled the utensil, not unlike the way some might handle a sword \'97 and speared the strawberry lying atop her slice. Elsa likewise stabbed into her own strawberry, though less dramatically. It really didn't taste any better than what Anna had made.\
When she voiced her thought, Anna gaped. "You're insane. Mine tasted so bad compared to this, they have to be outlawed," Anna said, eating progressively larger bites and before long stuffing her mouth.\
"You seem to be\'85enjoying yourself."\
"Of course! Food tastes better when you just eat freely." Anna spun her fork in her hand in a perfect revolution. Elsa was no longer surprised by these feats of unexpected dexterity. "I've noticed that you eat really, really slowly, but it's hard to enjoy anything like that. You're being too careful."\
"Then does speed mean something will taste more delicious?"\
"Well, no." Anna's lips pulled down into a small frown while she thought. "It's just that if you put all your concentration into 
\i how 
\i0 you eat, you can't appreciate 
\i what 
\i0 you eat, right?"\
"\'85I suppose this logic applies well in many situations," Elsa mused. It was sound advice; Anna was much more perceptive than even she gave herself credit for. Nodding, Elsa said, "I will endeavor to try it your way, then."\
It had been the way she ate back then. Hearty meals of coarse food that she had still found delicious, eaten without a care for etiquette while her mother urged her to eat more. Chocolate had been a rare treat then, the expensive candy impractical for people of their status. But still, she hadn't bothered to savor it. She wolfed it down whenever she had the chance, letting the heady chocolate fill her senses completely. Elsa did that again. She let go of the restraint she had been taught and shoved half a slice of cake into her mouth.\
Anna grinned when Elsa chewed soundlessly. "Good?"\
"I see what you mean," Elsa agreed. She could actually taste the flavors now, 
\i really 
\i0 taste the chocolate and not just remember the old sensations.\
"Oh, but you've got a little\'85" Anna swiped her bottom lip with her pinky finger.\
"Here?" Elsa licked her lip.\
"No, more like 
\i here
\i0 . Nope, still haven't gotten it. A little to the left, and\'85" Anna said, making more motions as Elsa tried to follow, before she stopped with a smile. "Actually, you know what? I got this."\
"You've got what\'97"\
Elsa barely held in a gasp when Anna reached forward and wiped the chocolate off for her, the pad of her thumb trailing over the corner of her lips. Her lips tingled where Anna had touched. To make matters worse, Anna was diligently rubbing back and forth to get the stain off completely. Elsa sat there still and mute, not daring to breathe. It was lucky that Anna didn't notice anything.\
"You're eating like me," Anna laughed, eyes curving into crescents. She pulled away at last, but Elsa still felt her touch. Her skin burned feverishly.\
"You 
\i are 
\i0 a bad influence. First the others no longer knock on doors, and now my eating habits," Elsa said, grateful for the distraction.\
"This reminds me a little of Arendelle," Anna said suddenly. "I would beg Pappa to have chocolate, and he'd always end up letting me but he just had to pretend otherwise first. Bad habits, he said."\
Elsa stilled again, but the sensation was not half as enjoyable this time. She felt dread.\
"\'85Do you miss home?"\
"Well, yeah, of course," Anna shrugged.\
"If you want\'85" Elsa said slowly, wondering about the phantom pang where her heart had been \'97 only her imagination, most likely, because the alternative was impossible \'97 but she had to say it anyway. It was only right. "You can go home."\
Heavy silence stretched on as Anna blinked, but she never took her eyes off Elsa. "Go home?" Anna repeated, like Elsa had spoken in a foreign language. "Did you just tell me to go home?"\
"There's no reason for me to hold you here." Elsa averted her eyes. It was the last thing she wanted. It was only fate that Anna leaving was also the 
\i best
\i0  thing. "I know that you miss Arendelle, and your father. It was wrong for me to take you away from your home and family, but I can fix all this\'97"\
"You're an idiot."\
Elsa's head snapped up, and she was greeted by Anna looking utterly furious. "I-I don't understand. It's for the best."\
"You're right, I thought it was the cruelest thing possible when you took me away," Anna said, and Elsa nodded because she knew \'97 only someone as depraved as she was could think of something like that \'97 but Anna wasn't finished. "But you can't just expect me to just leave after everything that's happened!"\
"Everything will go back to normal," Elsa said. "Nothing has changed. My offer still stands; I will continue to give Arendelle leniency. You can be home with your father, safe and at peace, and I will\'97"\
"Be alone?" Anna challenged. Elsa looked away, unwilling to be swayed, but to her shock Anna took her hand and pressed it against her chest. She could feel the beating of her heart. Anna was there, a weak, pleading smile on her face. "Everything's changed, I can feel it. I know you don't want me to leave."\
"\'85The only thing I'm afraid of is you leaving me," Elsa admitted. Just the thought of it was unbearable. Pushing Anna away was blotting out the little light she had left, but what else could she do? "But I won't stop you if you want to go home."\
"Everything I said last night, I meant it," Anna said. "It's my choice, I 
\i want
\i0  to stay. Because\'85you're here."\
Once more, Elsa felt the surge of emotion across the link of their hearts. It was so sinfully pleasurable it was almost painful; Elsa could feel everything Anna felt like a wave of liquid warmth flooding her veins. The intimacy of having Anna superimposed over her senses overpowered even the perpetual chill of her magic. Understanding. Acceptance. Love. Elsa closed her eyes and relished the feeling of completion.\
It felt like the most natural thing in the world when Anna pressed her lips to hers.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was a spur of the moment thing.\
Anna saw Elsa close her eyes and the impulse came to her because now might be the best time, now or never because she might never again dare to try.\
So Anna closed her eyes, leaned forward, and kissed her.\
For all the hype and the big fuss people made about it, Anna thought, kissing someone honestly wasn't that great. There was a spark and a tingle where their lips touched, but there were no fireworks and no fanfare. Just about the only surprising thing was that Elsa's lips were warm and softer than anything Anna had ever felt, but she was so 
\i stiff
\i0 , quite literally like a statue because for whatever reason she decided to stop breathing again. For a moment Elsa stayed so absolutely still that Anna was sure she had made a terrible mistake and that any second now, the queen would push her away. Better to do it herself and apologize. It would still be awkward, but hopefully less so.\
Just as Anna started to pull away, disappointed by the response, Elsa tugged her back. Anna fell forward with a strangled squeal, ending up square in Elsa's lap and half-sprawled across her body, arms looped around her neck for balance. They were so close again that Anna could count the freckles dusting Elsa's nose, barely visible \'97 not like hers\'97 but so very there and so very human.\
"Why did you stop?" Elsa asked, blinking slowly with an infuriatingly blank face. It was like she really had no idea what was wrong; Elsa looked so lost that Anna could have curled up and died. She knew the kiss was bad, but 
\i that 
\i0 bad?\
"I-I thought you didn't like it." Anna had intended to sound a little surer of herself, maybe a little more indignant, but of course her voice decided to crack. Anna cleared her throat. "You didn't do anything to make me think otherwise."\
"I did, I-I was just surprised." Elsa exhaled and ran her hand through her hair. Anna blinked. Was she nervous? "But I would like to try again, if you were so inclined."\
"If I were so inclined," Anna grumbled. "You're making this sound so official."\
"I would like you to kiss me again," Elsa said.\
She sounded like she was making a declaration and getting ready to march into battle. God, Anna had no idea anymore if Elsa was actually serious about 
\i being 
\i0 serious or just making fun of her. Anna doubted the latter, but this whole thing was starting to feel more and more like one giant out-of-body experience. Maybe she was dreaming. Maybe she had drifted off after the chocolate and it was messing up her thoughts. Why would she hallucinate something so painfully awkward though?\
"I'm just going to go for it," Anna mumbled.\
"By all means."\
"You're distracting me."\
"My apologies. Should I stop talking?" Elsa asked.\
"I'm just going to shut you out now because I need to concentrate."\
Oh, to hell with it. Anna took a deep breath and mashed her lips against Elsa's, letting loose all her pent up frustration by kissing with all her strength, sitting up for better leverage. Where was she supposed to put her hands? Anna placed them on Elsa's shoulders to balance herself. She was pleased when she heard a muffled sigh, but Elsa 
\i still 
\i0 wasn't giving the slightest hint she would participate. Anna kissed harder. And then pulled back, massaging her mouth.\
"That hurt," Anna whimpered. They had bumped teeth.\
"Ahh, so that wasn't supposed to happen," Elsa deduced, sounding pleased by her new-found knowledge. "Now we know, and we can move forward."\
"You're supposed to kiss back," Anna snarled. This was ridiculous. Elsa 
\i could not 
\i0 be this oblivious. Anna knew Elsa probably had no experience, but neither did she and even she knew how kissing worked!\
"Understood."\
"I'm going to kiss you again," Anna warned. "And you better give me some effort."\
Anna leaned in and was relieved to see Elsa do the same, albeit with the sort of wariness expected from someone approaching a fire. She closed her eyes and tilted her head to the right, expecting to feel soft lips on hers again. Instead, her nose smashed into something hard and Anna reeled back with a pained cry. She almost fell out of bed, and would have if not for Elsa wrapping her arms around her waist and holding her tightly.\
"You tilt your head the 
\i other
\i0  way." Anna rubbed her nose, noticing a small red spot growing on Elsa's nose and realizing they must have collided. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea\'97"\
"Or maybe I should take the lead."\
Anna fought back a moan when Elsa kissed her at last. She had been wrong about kissing being boring, so wrong. Elsa was hesitant, barely brushing her lips over hers, but even that slight touch sent a jolt running down her spine and Anna was sure she would have collapsed if not for Elsa's hold on her waist. And when Elsa decided to be a little more forceful, kissing more insistently, catching her lower lip between hers and suckling softly\'85\
She had never felt anything like this.\
Anna felt so much pent up energy she could barely stay still, but at the same time she was frozen by shock and pleasure. Elsa was kissing her. Elsa was 
\i kissing 
\i0 her, and it was the most amazing thing she had ever felt because Elsa was 
\i accepting 
\i0 her and she could feel a warm glow pulsing through her heart. When Anna felt Elsa lightly nibbling, tongue prodding at her lips, she opened her mouth in a gasp. Anna had no idea where to put her hands before, but it was so natural to just rake her fingers through Elsa's hair when her tongue met hers. She was holding on for dear life when stars exploded behind her eyes.\
"You are not participating," Elsa murmured.\
Anna growled and kissed back. She wanted to be everywhere at once, hands pulling Elsa's hair free before making their way over her body, running over her back and tracing the curve of her waist, sliding under her nightshirt and feeling that familiar comfortable chill on her skin even as her lips burned hot. It was getting a little 
\i too 
\i0 hot though. Anna vaguely remembered that Elsa had no need to breathe and that if she allowed it \'97 which part of her yearned to \'97 Elsa could keep kissing her for eternity.\
Elsa must have realized too. She pulled away after pressing one last peck on the corner of her mouth, smiling softly and watching as Anna breathed deeply trying to recover.\
"How are you so good at this?" Anna asked. Her hand shook on its way to her lips. Just a little swollen.\
"Thanks to your instruction."\
Oh, she was 
\i definitely 
\i0 making fun of her this time. Elsa kept her face carefully neutral, but Anna could see the laughter in her eyes. Swallowing a retort, Anna opted instead to lean in again. This time Elsa fell backwards and pulled Anna close, laughing aloud when Anna let out a gasp at suddenly being on top.\
"Kiss me again," Elsa said.\
Anna spared a single sideways glance at the abandoned chocolate, but she forgot all about it when Elsa impatiently tilted her head back towards herself. She grinned and kissed Elsa again, and this time there was no bumping of teeth, no collision of noses and foreheads. She never thought she would think it, but chocolate could wait.\
Anna could taste the chocolate on Elsa anyway, and it was a thousand times better this way.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Awkwardness. Some news, I'm going to encourage you all again to follow my tumblr (url is 
\b kaiserklee
\b0 ), I've gotten a little lazy and don't update the fanart links on my profile here as much but it's all tagged there. And feel free to talk to me! And also, many thanks to 
\b catsmelt 
\b0 (also found on tumblr) for beta-ing my chapters.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 17: Glorious Chained Wings
\b0 \
It was a point of pride that he had managed to keep up his farce for so long.\
Saul tried to pretend he was content simply toiling away behind the scenes without recognition, but despite his greatest efforts to placate himself, the ingenuity of his mind and the dexterity of his hands made it all too clear he deserved more. Though Saul was humble, he did not partake in false modesty. It was simple fact that he was superior to the common mold, and his belief was born not from arrogance but from the irrefutable test of time, even the testament of his brothers.\
"One day you'll be king," Oliver had said many years ago, even while they were all of them secretly pining for the throne. When Saul asked him how he could be so sure, Oliver answered: "It's just something you have that the rest of us lack."\
It was admittedly a surprise when Elsa was chosen over him.\
But he loved Elsa and bore her no ill will. When the announcement had been made that the throne would be succeeded by none of the thirteen brothers but rather by 
\i Elsa
\i0 , Saul supported her without reservation. Despite the objections against the impurity of her blood, Elsa would make a good queen. It was Saul who convinced Alvard against open rebellion, Saul who swayed Fabian to let the coronation pass by without incident, and Saul who again persuaded Oliver and Reid to aid him in assisting Elsa.\
Yet still, Elsa was cold to him. It had been sudden. One day she had still been the Elsa that Saul knew, the one who smiled and laughed and had no worries, the one Saul loved because she was beautiful and noble and perfect; but then the next she was Queen Elsa, untouchable and removed. It stung that there were barriers between them now, but Saul convinced himself that it was fine, that he would continue to stand by her side until she acknowledged him again.\
But she never did. Saul never expected thanks, but a small part of him had hoped Elsa would notice his efforts.\
And when Hans tore at the wounds that had never closed\'85\
"I hate to admit it, but Hans has a point," Reid said, hawkish features of his thin face accentuated by absolute disgust behind slightly tapered eyes. But at the same time, he reluctantly nodded his head. "No matter what frivolous garbage he usually spouts, this time I do agree."\
"I come to you not because I seek more troubles," Saul answered, clasping his face with a single hand to hide his eyes. Maybe visiting Oliver and Reid hadn't been the best idea. He had confided in them, and they took it as permission to bring up the old subject. "If I had desired it, I would have gone to Fabian."\
"You know the two of us will stand by your decision, but\'85I have never doubted that you should be king," Oliver said hesitantly, taciturn as always. Standing, he crossed the room \'97 though his stockier build meant it took several strides \'97 to the sofa where Saul sat and placed a hand over his shoulder. "I mean no offense against Elsa, but Father chose wrong."\
"I don't understand why you're so hung up with her!" Reid exclaimed. "It's very 
\i romantic, 
\i0 I suppose, the whole sorceress and knight trope, but really\'97"\
"Reid, watch yourself," Oliver interrupted.\
Reid only rolled his eyes and scowled. "Oh, go to hell. You and I both know that Saul needs to get over this! Look, Tobias has done something, and even if he was stupid and got himself killed, at least he had the right idea\'97"\
"What you're proposing is nothing short of treason," Oliver said. "Even if Saul became king, he would sit on an unsteady throne and rule with a tainted name."\
Reid waved Oliver aside and leaned in towards Saul. "At least do something about 
\i Anna 
\i0 then, if you're so damn obsessed with Elsa," Reid said. "Saul, just give me the word and I will pick up a sword, run over there, and gut her just like 
\i that
\i0 \'97"\
"Enough," Saul said quietly. Though his voice was barely more than a whisper, his ire carried so strongly the whisper may as well have been a shout. Reid promptly backed off at the rare show of displeasure.\
Saul still had his eyes hidden behind his hand, so when the silence stretched on, he saw nothing and only tried to sort out his chaotic thoughts. On one hand was his ambition, but on the other was Elsa. Saul refused to act against her. What gnawed at his mind was not subordination, because he would gladly have Elsa as his queen. If only\'85\
Why were the others so silent? Saul looked up, and then instantly jerked away from the surreal sight that welcomed him. Both Oliver and Reid were stock-still and petrified in mid-motion, Oliver still with his mouth open as though to speak and Reid partially off of his chair.\
"I wondered when you would notice."\
It was a deep rumble of a voice that had spoken, seemingly coming from everywhere and nowhere at once, a ghastly effect as though the sound traveled unseen from ear to ear. Saul sprang to his feet, but even as he whirled around looking for the source of the voice, he saw no one else.\
"You can stop looking."\
Saul caught a hint of movement, but he told himself that his eyes had to have deceived him. Shadows couldn't 
\i move
\i0 . But whatever logical sense he subscribed to, the rationality he possessed was shattered when Oliver's shadow stretched forward and melded with that of Reid. Even the shadows of the chairs coalesced into one dark mass before it snaked upwards into the form of a man swathed in darkness.\
Part of him wanted to flee, the age-old preservation instinct embedded in every human being screaming that this was beyond him. Another part told him it was pointless. But when Saul tried anyway, he found his legs bound by the same inky shadows, thick bands feeling like slime and fire. Slowly they forced him down to his seat. With no other choice, Saul took a closer glance at the man. The shadows created some sort of hooded cloak that waxed and waned, so that his form was unrecognizable. The only static feature was a steel mask. Saul tried to look at his eyes, but there were no slits. Instead, the mask, drawn inwards below the eyes to resemble the skull of a beast, bore two thick streaks of red painted into a cross.\
No, not a cross but a 
\i crucifix. 
\i0 It was indistinct but bits of paint were missing, forming the outline of a human being.\
"Should I introduce myself?"\
"I think that is unnecessary," Saul said slowly. "You're the Sorcerer that Elsa spoke of. You're the one who killed Alvard and Tobias."\
"As expected from Saul. But 
\i Elsa 
\i0 killed Alvard," the Sorcerer replied. The shadows moved closer until he loomed only a foot away. "And Tobias brought it upon himself. Justice was served, I acted for Elsa."\
"And as for me?"\
"There's nothing to fear. I only want to talk."\
"What courtesy is it to bind the one you wish to speak to?"\
Mask tilting curiously, the shadows stabilized into a physical form and the figure stepped out. Average height. Average build. Average everything. Saul doubted this was really how the Sorcerer looked at all.\
"I will release you then," the Sorcerer said. With a flick of his newly formed hand, the bands stretched across Saul's body drew back like whips.\
The instant he was free, Saul launched himself forward.\
And found himself passing through the Sorcerer, as though he were insubstantial smoke. A hand clamped down on his wrist before he could fall, wiry strength enough to make his bones creak in protest; Saul was first pulled back and then thrown aside as easily as a ragdoll, hitting the wall so powerfully he thought his spine might snap. Saul barely had time to blink before he found the Sorcerer close, hand curled around his throat to crush him against the wall. Heat radiated from him. He smelled of musk and some dark spice that tickled at the back of his throat, and Saul felt his breath hitch involuntarily.\
"And what courtesy is it to attack me?" asked the Sorcerer. His fingers caressed Saul's jaw line and his neck, dragging over his throat, before he deigned to step back. Saul collapsed to the floor choking for air. "It is so very sad you are content to be a pawn, ignored and forgotten, when you should be a knight."\
"Wh-What are you saying?" Saul gasped.\
The Sorcerer turned and spread his arms wide. "Your wings, Saul, your glorious wings. Did you even know you had them? They are chained down by your hesitance, your altruism, and you will never fly until you shake them off. What is this self-sacrifice for self-sacrifice's sake? Really. Such a romantic ideal you cling to. Reid was not wrong."\
"You wouldn't understand\'97"\
"Maybe not. I have no heart; I carved it out. But then again\'85" Without warning the Sorcerer whirled around and slammed his hand down on Saul's head. The shadows bled off his fingers, enshrouding Saul's face and streaming into his eyes, his ears, his nose. With another push, the Sorcerer muffled his scream against the floor. "So did Elsa."\
With the shadows came images, streaming through his mind so quickly that bile rose to his throat from dizzying disorientation. He nearly vomited, but Saul could pick out bits and pieces of what was being conveyed to him. A reliquary, a heart carven out and locked away in unthawing ice\'85? But what truly hurt had yet to come. Next were images of two figures standing at a balcony under a moonlit sky.\
"Elsa," Saul gasped, seeing her embrace Anna. His heart thudded painfully against his ribs. Elsa's name didn't slow it. It didn't calm him as it once had.\
"Now you see." Seemingly satisfied, the Sorcerer pulled back once more. "You have been replaced."\
"Why are you showing me this?" Saul murmured.\
"I offer you everything that you desire," the Sorcerer said, his finger flicking against Saul's chin, tilting his head up. "You can have the throne, and even Elsa."\
Saul laughed bitterly and tore away, fueled once more by indignation. "Who do you think you are? What makes you think you can guarantee me those things? I will never have Elsa."\
"You are drawn to me because you desire what I have to give you. You want power. You crave it. You will always crave it." Once again, the mask cocked to one side, then the other, like a marionette on strings. "You are a pawn now, but through me you will become more."\
A shudder ran down Saul's spine, the oil-slicked fingers of temptation sliding painfully under his skin. Slowly, he rose to his feet, cradling his arm where the Sorcerer had touched him. It burned even now but he could feel the Sorcerer moving in his 
\i mind
\i0 , the phantom touch more than physical, as though he had diffused himself into his blood.\
"Why do you need me?" Saul asked.\
"Does it matter? It shouldn't matter to you when you need me more than I need you. What 
\i is 
\i0 important is what I can offer you."\
"I haven't agreed," Saul said, easing his way back onto his feet, feeling his shaking legs threaten to collapse under him though he braced himself against the wall. "First Alvard and then Tobias, and you still think I'll just trust you? You won't get away with this."\
Saul could hear the smile in the Sorcerer's voice as he melted into the shadows and vanished; Oliver and Reid came to life, completely unaware of what had just transpired. The Sorcerer disappeared, but not before leaving one last message echoing, echoing, echoing in his head.\

\i Oh, I already have.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Everything's going to be different now," Elsa murmured.\
Anna pressed a kiss to her bare shoulder, grinning softly that she could actually 
\i do 
\i0 that now. It was still a shock that she was holding Elsa, hugging her from behind as they lay there just basking in the other's presence. She would probably never get over that feeling of awe. "It's a good different," Anna said.\
"Maybe," Elsa said unconvincingly. Anna was just about to launch into a long speech about being positive and, goddammit, she was ruining the moment, when Elsa added dryly, "I shudder to think of Alek's reaction now that I really have subjected you to my, and I quote, 
\i perverse whims
\i0 ."\
"Wait, you 
\i know 
\i0 about that?" Anna buried her head into Elsa's loosened hair, blushing when she felt the vibrations of Elsa laughing softly. "We didn't even actually do anything like 
\i that
\i0 \'97"\
"Of course not. And, in fact, you were the one to seduce me," Elsa said. "Did you know Alek came around to threaten me again, only this time for your sake?"\
"I preferred when you weren't being sarcastic," Anna groaned, and Elsa laughed just a little harder. Speaking of Alek though, since he left last time Anna had seen him only a scant few times and exchanged even fewer words with him. "Is he feeling better now?"\
"We have come to an agreement for now. His attempts on my life are on hold until he finds the Sorcerer," Elsa said. Anna stiffened uncomfortably, and Elsa must have felt it because she turned and gave her a smile. "He is proud, but a good person underneath all that. You chose a good friend to make."\
"I always choose well." Anna grinned and kissed Elsa again, not exactly one of her heat-of-the-moment kisses but certainly not chaste, something close to the former and that could very well lead into more.\
Anna heard Elsa release a tiny gasp when she bit on her lip, and that noise empowered her more than anything ever could. Only an hour or two had passed but Anna was bolder now, and without hesitation she swept her tongue across Elsa's lip and then into her mouth, muffling another groan as she explored for the umpteenth time. Elsa wrapped her arms around her shoulders when Anna swung herself on top.\
Being so close to Elsa was always a thrill, feeling the reserved queen let down her barriers only for her, feeling the contained force of nature so dangerously close but knowing she would never hurt her. When Anna pulled away for air, she noticed Elsa playing with her strand of bleached hair, twirling it between her fingers.\
"You really like doing that," Anna said.\
"I'm glad you haven't cut it, I \'97 I like seeing it," Elsa admitted, looking everywhere but at her eyes, and Anna grinned again. It was more accurate to say that she just couldn't 
\i stop 
\i0 grinning. Elsa was adorable.\
"I like it too," Anna said.\
"I just wish it wasn't there because I hurt you."\
"That had nothing to do with you. It was my fault and we both know it." Anna brushed that stubborn lone bang out of Elsa's face and tucked it behind her ear, giving her a clearer view of her eyes. "If you blame yourself again, I'll be forced to do something 
\i terrible
\i0  to you."\
Elsa didn't look very convinced. Anna decided that a show of her power would be necessary, and so she quickly leaned down, pulled Elsa's shirt higher \'97 ignoring her strangled cry of surprise \'97 pressed her lips against her stomach, and blew.\
No reaction. Anna stared questioningly until Elsa sat up and shrugged.\
"I'm not ticklish."\
"That's not even fair." Anna pouted. She had spent a good ten minutes laughing at first when Elsa so much as touched her bare waist. "What else are you hiding from me?"\
"I don't actually need to blink," Elsa said, remarkably seriously. Anna searched her face with narrowed eyes. Elsa had one mean poker face, but she had enough practice by now to tell\'85\
"I can see you hiding a smile," Anna grumbled, shaking her head when Elsa cracked and smiled. "You're just lucky that you're a good kisser."\
"Is the appropriate response to thank you?"\
Elsa and her sudden dry wit would be the death of her, Anna thought, trying hard to be exasperated but too happy about her opening up to really feel offended at all. Speaking of being a good kisser though, Elsa was almost suspiciously good.\
"So you used to be close to Saul, right?" Anna asked, trying her hardest to make it sound casual.\
"Yes," Elsa answered. She quirked an eyebrow. "You're not thinking we ever had anything more?"\
"Never even crossed my mind," Anna said, hopping off the bed with her back towards Elsa so she could hide the mixed disgruntlement and relief on her face. Not that there would be anything wrongwith it if they had, but she was happy to hear it anyway. It was just irritating that Elsa could tell.\
Which might have been why Elsa bothered to continue explaining, sounding faintly nostalgic. "We were close, but even though I still care for him, there was nothing else."\
"You two really don't seem close anymore. I actually thought you were upset with him that one time." Anna walked to the wardrobe and rummaged through for something suitable to wear.\
"We didn't part on the best of terms. It was my fault," Elsa said.\
"Are you sure?" Anna turned, and this time it was her turn to raise an eyebrow. "I mean, I talked to him before and I'm pretty sure he loves you."\
"I know," Elsa murmured. "But I broke off our friendship, and I am to blame for it. I always knew how he felt, but I was too broken and he never realized just how much. There were too many barriers between us. Both of us are too adept at hiding our thoughts, too learned in being royal."\
Anna said nothing. She had the feeling Elsa was talking to herself just as much as she was talking to her, so she stayed silent and let Elsa continue uninterrupted.\
"And then when I became queen, I alienated many people. Even that small shred of me that could accept others was gone, and I pushed them all away." Elsa creating her reliquary went unsaid. Anna wondered if part of the reason had been so she wouldn't give Saul false hope anymore. "I thought it was better for them, and for me, that I be alone."\
"No one wants to be alone," Anna said. Elsa only smiled sadly in response, and nodded. Anna went back to searching the wardrobe. "But you said 
\i them
\i0 ? Were you close to the others too?"\
"Edmund," Elsa said, small smile at the edge of her lips growing into something more genuine.\
Anna nearly fell into the wardrobe at that admission. Elsa had been close to 
\i Edmund
\i0 ? They just seemed so different, practically like night and day. But once she got over the shock, she realized she should have seen it sooner. Edmund was doubtlessly more accepting than the others, and put into context, his encouragement of her trying to understand Elsa made so much sense.\
"No wonder he always told me good things about you," Anna said.\
"Did he?" Elsa blinked.\
"Part of me changing my opinion about you might have been because he told me to give you a chance," Anna admitted. She winced when Elsa tilted her head. "Okay, that sounded bad. I mean, I was really, 
\i really 
\i0 upset with you for a while, but 
\i now
\i0  I'm not, and\'97"\
"I'm only surprised Edmund would say that," Elsa interrupted. "I remember he was very vocal against me taking the throne." Anna frowned, but Elsa added, "It was because I wanted to exile Gustaf."\
Speaking of making things sound bad, Anna thought, Elsa had just as much talent as she did. She just looked at her questioningly and waited.\
"Markus has held Gustaf's wife and child on an adjoining island ever since his rebellion," Elsa explained. "I would have sent him there too, but Edmund was against it."\
"That doesn't sound so bad," Anna said. "I wonder why he was against it\'85"\
"They are very close. Maybe Edmund wanted his brother to stay," Elsa said. "Regardless of the reason, our relationship soured after that. I\'85regret it."\
Edmund seemed fine now, judging by their conversations, but Anna kept silent. Elsa looked deep in thought, so Anna simply turned back to the wardrobe and resumed her abandoned task of picking something to wear. She had been standing there for a good five minutes with nothing to show for it.\
Just as she thought that, Anna felt from behind her the tell-tale burst of cold air of Elsa recreating her ice dress, and she turned out of curiosity. It looked perfect, not a single stitch out of place. Elsa seemed to have taken some liberties though. Instead of a cape attached to her dress, a cloak hung off a snowflake brooch clasped at the base of her throat.\
"Hey, that turned out well," Anna said.\
Elsa stared down at her hands with wide eyes. "I didn't mean to make something new. It just happened, I was thinking about wanting change, and\'85" Elsa swallowed. "It happened."\
Did that mean she was regaining more control? Struck by sudden inspiration, Anna grabbed a random dress from the wardrobe, changed into it as quickly as she could manage while Elsa remained stunned, and then waved a hand in front of Elsa's eyes. When Elsa looked at her questioningly, Anna said, "Try to make me one."\
"It's too dangerous!" Elsa backed away and shook her head, clutching her hands close.\
"I trust you," Anna said. "Besides, I'm wearing a dress that you can work off of. I'll be fine."\
"My ice can cut through 
\i castles
\i0 . A dress\'97" Elsa looked away. "It's a bad idea and you know it."\
"Maybe, but I have faith in you. I want to help you," Anna said softly. She reached out and gently cradled Elsa's head so that their eyes met. "You can learn control again, I know you can."\
"I could hurt you," Elsa whispered.\
"But you never have," Anna said. "Even when you lost control, your magic always stopped short." Elsa froze anyone who touched her bare skin, but Anna alone was immune. In the office, the spikes had halted before they could touch Anna. Even when the reliquary had struck her, Anna survived. "Maybe you've always had control. You don't want to hurt me, so your magic stops before it does."\
Elsa swallowed. Her mind was racing, Anna could tell, but Elsa still answered weakly, "That might be true, but we don't know for sure. It's not worth it."\
"I won't push you. I'll let you choose," Anna said. She backed off and waited. "I just want you to know that I'm willing to try if you are."\
Elsa took a deep breath before finally reaching forward. Anna felt her heartbeat quicken until her breath hitched, and she wondered if it was her or Elsa. Maybe both. Centimeters away, Elsa stopped and closed her hand, eyes boring into hers. "Are you sure about this?"\
"Perfectly sure."\
Elsa opened her hand and ice flowed from her fingertips, painfully slow, as though it had to first push through a film of oil. Maybe it was for greater control, but while she created her own dress with a simple wave of her hand, Elsa instead physically touched Anna. Anna shivered at the feeling of her fingers dragging up her arm and then up her shoulder, across her collarbone and back down her front. Her eyes closed involuntarily at the pleasing cold replacing fabric and whispering over her skin. Elsa passed her sternum and then down to her navel before making one last, broad sweep.\
Anna gazed down. Her ordinary wool and velvet dress was gone, replaced by ice that reflected the light at a hundred angles, shimmering with each movement she made. Her arms were left bare save for off-the-shoulder sleeves, as were her shoulders. Though the form-fitting bodice and skirt were ice she noticed the cold only as an afterthought, not something that would bother her. It was at once more elegant and yet more fitting than anything she had ever owned. This was made for her, by 
\i Elsa.
\i0 \
"It's beautiful," Anna gasped. She spun on her heel and watched the ends twirl around her legs. When she heard a sharp intake of breath, Anna looked back to Elsa and was startled to see tears in her eyes. "Elsa! Are you okay?"\
"It's been so long," Elsa said shakily, but she was smiling even as she sobbed. Without hesitation, she pulled Anna into a tight hug. "I did it! I can't believe \'97 I really did it!"\
Anna smiled into Elsa's shoulder and hugged her tighter.\
"I always knew you could."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Want to take a gander at who the Sorcerer is? It's not obvious at all. Now you have to wonder if I'm really being sarcastic or not!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 18: Reforging Old Bonds
\b0 \
"How did you \'97 I swear, you have got to be cheating!"\
Anna followed the oddly muffled noise to find Edmund in the lounge of the princes' wing, bundled up in a mountain of blankets with a mug of something that smelled delicious \'97 hot chocolate. It was his shock of spiky black hair that let Anna know it was him. Half of his head was hidden beneath the blankets, but when his eyes flickered over to her, the rest of his face popped up with a wide grin.\
"Whoa, that's a new look for you," Edmund said, blinking fast and looking her up and down, then starting all over again from head to toe. He wrinkled his nose. "Aren't you 
\i cold 
\i0 wearing that?"\
"Not really," Anna said. Her new ice dress was incredibly comfortable, and actually, Anna never felt cold anymore, not since the reliquary incident.\
"\'85Interesting."\
At the sound of his voice, Anna looked towards Gustaf, who was sitting on the other side of Edmund. On the table between them was a chessboard. It was early on in the game, but Gustaf had already captured Edmund's queen, though seemingly with the sacrifice of a number of pawns and a knight.\
Knowing what she knew about Gustaf, Anna wasn't sure how to act around him. On one hand, he was one of the friendliest of the brothers, if a little distant. On the other, he 
\i had 
\i0 attempted a rebellion against his own father, and Anna couldn't imagine too many reasons behind something as extreme as that. Elsa certainly didn't trust him, but Anna knew she was biased, horribly biased, simply because it was Markus on the other end. All of this intrigue was beyond her. She wished things were as simple as they were back at home, where she knew who to trust and there was hardly anyone who she could not.\
Gustaf stared at her expectantly, waiting for some sort of reply.\
"Oh, yeah, weird. So, do you two play often?" Anna asked hurriedly, and she heard Edmund stifle a laugh. She didn't even bother defending herself. "I've only seen you with Cyrus and Fabian."\
"On occasion." Gustaf gestured to a seat, and Anna took it feeling a little bit like she was intruding. "Now, I will guess that you did not come for a game yourself. Were you looking for Edmund?"\
Anna blinked; Gustaf was perceptive. A little while after accompanying Elsa to her study and sitting through yet another session of tedious petitions, Anna had decided to find Edmund and see if she could help patch things up between him and Elsa. Elsa could use a friendly face, and Anna felt she owed Edmund that much, at least, for everything he had done.\
"I was, but you two should keep playing," Anna said. "Don't mind me, I'll just watch."\
"It's not like we never play anymore, just less often," Edmund cut in. "But one thing that's stayed the same, I still can't win." He shrugged while moving a piece. "I've gotten loads better though."\
"
\i Humiliamini igitur sub potenti manu Dei ut vos exaltet in tempore visitationis
\i0 ," Gustaf intoned. Anna looked at him helplessly until, with a heavy sigh, he translated. "Be you humbled therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in the time of visitation."\
"Uhh, that's from the Bible, right?" Anna asked.\
"Indeed," Gustaf chuckled. "You are not like Elsa. She would have understood the line, even in Latin. 
\i Factum est silentium in caelo. Dum committeret bellum draco cum Michaele archangelo
\i0 ."\
"There was silence in heaven. Then the dragon entered battle with the archangel, Michael," Edmund translated, and Anna gave him a smile.\
"What do you think of those lines?" Gustaf asked.\
When Edmund made no move to answer, instead staring at her curiously, Anna nearly jumped. "O-Oh, you mean me? What do I think?"\
Gustaf smiled, but Anna privately thought it didn't reach his eyes. It was a polite smile, not exactly fake but not genuine either. "Do you believe in extremes, Anna? Good and evil, angel and dragon."\
She thought of Elsa, supposedly a tyrant but only trying her hardest. Angel and dragon. Was Elsa one or the other? She was a dragon who loved her, an angel with blood on her hands. "No," Anna said at last.\
"Good answer. Better than Elsa at this, at least," Gustaf said. Anna never had a chance to ask about what Elsa had said before Gustaf added pensively, "Justice is not a matter of black and white."\
"This brings me back," Edmund said. "Elsa used to play chess with us, and we would talk about these things. Feels like forever ago, but now that I think about it, it's only been a few years."\
Anna nodded. "She told me that she used to be close with you, but\'85" She paused and turned to Gustaf. "Nothing about you. Only that she wanted to\'85exile you, and Edmund tried to stop it."\
Gustaf remained silent for a long while, and even the room seemed to darken with the tense mood. Anna's gaze flickered to Edmund, and she saw him hold his head down. Finally, Gustaf gave Anna a thin-lipped smile. "My wife and child are gone. Because I was too impatient, too reckless," Gustaf said. "I have learned patience, I have learned caution, but\'85much too late. There are only\'85shadows, now."\
Rising from his seat, he left without another word.\
Anna watched Gustaf go, speechless, until he turned a corner and vanished. Edmund slowly unraveled his blankets. Abandoning all pretenses of drinking the hot chocolate, he instead laid it down on the table and looked away, sighing every now and then, all the while furiously rubbing his temples with his face set into a grimace. Anna had no idea what was going on. Something was wrong, something she was in the dark about.\
"Did you need me for something?" Edmund asked suddenly. Whatever bout he suffered from had passed. His trademark cheer was back, even if just a little forced, and Anna was glad for it.\
"Oh!" Anna sat up. "It was just \'97 I know Elsa regrets how things ended up between you, and I took your advice from before, I've been trying to make her happy again\'85"\
"Making good progress," Edmund said, grinning impishly and nodding at her new dress. "I'm just going to ask this straight up. Are you two together now\'97"\
"
\i That's not the point
\i0 !" Anna fanned her reddening face, but Edmund laughed uproariously anyway and she realized she had all but admitted to it.\
"So what is the point?" Edmund snapped his fingers. "Oh, I forgot to ask. About the chocolates\'97"\
Anna had nearly forgotten to be angry about that. She had no idea how to make chocolates, only how to 
\i eat 
\i0 them, and she doubted she could get the chefs of this foreign kingdom to teach her without some royal pressure. So, she had enlisted Edmund. After flatly telling her she was severely underestimating herself \'97 something about being close to Elsa \'97 Edmund had, Anna believed, very graciously decided to help. Obviously, he had instead sabotaged her efforts.\
"No wonder you told me not to taste them," Anna growled, stalking forward while Edmund laughed nervously and backed away. "Anna, you're going to eat them all, I'll taste them for you instead. That's what you said. So why, exactly, did you tell me they were fine?"\
"They 
\i were 
\i0 fine, I never said they were 
\i great.
\i0  Look on the bright side! It was more interesting this way, good atmosphere, right?" Edmund ducked under a blow and laughed again. "But Elsa liked them, right?"\
"I'm just glad she didn't get food poisoning," Anna retorted, but she let the issue slide. She had been the one to mess up anyway.\
Edmund smoothed out his jacket but then rolled up the sleeves as usual, sloppily bunching them around his elbows. Anna had wondered why he was looking so proper today, but she remembered that Gustaf had been around. She'd never pegged Edmund as someone who cared so much for what others thought.\
"So what do you need exactly?" Edmund asked.\
"I think it'd be a good idea for you two to patch things up," Anna said. Gods knew Elsa needed someone else she could trust. "Oh, and Saul too."\
Edmund took a deep breath and exhaled slowly, puffing out his cheeks before making a loud popping noise. "I'd like that. I mean, I \'97 I said some pretty nasty things. I would take them back if I could, but\'85"\
"Too late for that," Anna said. "But you can still apologize."\
Slowly, Edmund grinned.\
"Sounds like a plan. Lead the way!"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa frowned at the reports in her hand, though she could have recited its contents word for word already. A recent drought had left Arendelle with desiccated lands, reducing much of their summer harvest, and much of their reserves had gone to relieving the Southern Isles. A vindictive part of Elsa wanted to leave the kingdom to its fate. No one had come to 
\i her 
\i0 aid, so many years ago. She had suffered alone.\
But Elsa was rational enough to know that avenging herself on people who almost certainly knew nothing of her plight was petty. Even if she were so inclined to senseless rule, forgoing everything Markus had ever taught her, Arendelle was still Anna's home; Elsa would never let her people starve. They had made a pact, after all, leniency in return for Anna. Elsa would honor that agreement, even if for no reason other than how much she valued Anna.\
It might be time for a new source of goods. It was high time for her to hasten the completion of the Mirror anyway, and remaining ensconced in the Southern Isles did nothing. She discarded the reports in favor of a map, but a destination, a 
\i target
\i0 , was already in her mind.\
Weselton 
\i was 
\i0 known for hoarding whatever they could get their hands on...\
Elsa was interrupted by a knock on the door, and she blinked at the unfamiliar noise. When she realized that she really had no reason to be so surprised someone knocked for once, it took every ounce of effort for Elsa to hold back a laugh. Anna was certainly a bad influence. Did she even know how to knock?\
"Why are you bothering to knock?" Elsa shook her head when she heard Anna talking to somebody, her voice filtering through slightly muffled but easily recognizable. "Just go in. I don't think she cares."\
"It's called making a good first impression! Seriously, even I know that."\
"First impression? You've known each other for fourteen years."\
"Well, when you put it like that\'85"\
That second voice was familiar; Edmund, Elsa recognized, and she had her second shock of the day. They no longer spoke outside of the occasional meeting when all the princes were gathered together, and the last time Elsa remembered having an actual one-on-one conversation with Edmund had been the day she threatened his life after he called her heartless, and then Gustaf had appeared to drag him away. If only Edmund knew how accurate he was, how much that would sting, he might not have dared.\
"Just come in," Elsa called.\
Her door creaked open. Anna and Edmund peered in, both of them poking only their heads through the door, one slightly above the other. Strangely, Anna was positioned higher than Edmund. For whatever reason, the prince was crouched and clutching the edge of the doorway.\
"What are you two doing?"\
"I brought him along to visit!" Anna grabbed Edmund by the collar and cheerfully dragged him into the study, ignoring his cries for help. Elsa felt a smidgen of pity for the boy.\
"Are you sure it was not a kidnapping?"\
"He agreed to it, but by the time we got here he started chickening out," Anna huffed.\
At her provocation, Edmund sprang to his feet, hands drawing indecipherable gestures in the air. "I just wanted to make sure you weren't busy before bothering you! You might be okay with Anna popping up all the time, but you might not want to see 
\i me
\i0 \'97"\
"You are not so unpleasant," Elsa interrupted. "Did you need something?"\
Edmund closed his mouth. Anna grinned and backed away.\
"Oh. I-I just\'85" Edmund rubbed the back of his neck.\
"I should thank you for telling Anna to give me a chance," Elsa said, gaze flickering to Anna for a brief second. She smiled and nodded softly in encouragement, but encouraging 
\i what 
\i0 Elsa could not guess.\
"Just telling it like it is," Edmund said.\
"You do that often."\
Edmund winced. "What I said before, I wasn't thinking and I never meant it the way it sounded. You have no idea how upset I was, but I didn't mean to be horrible. For what it counts, I \'97 I think you're doing a great job. No one could do better."\
What exactly he had to be so upset about, Elsa still didn't understand; but either way, she had never been angry or hurt by his reaction, or by any of the rejection from any of the other princes. It had been her intention to isolate herself. She could hardly resent others for only doing what she wanted. She had never been close to most of the brothers anyway, and even now she desired none of their company, not in the way she used to yearn for acceptance.\
Though it was gratifying, just a little, to hear it from someone she considered an old friend.\
"Apology accepted," Elsa said softly.\
It was still nostalgic to see Edmund grinning widely, and the sight was enough to make Elsa smile a tiny bit. When Edmund saw, he asked exuberantly, "Does this mean I can call you Sis again?"\
"You used to call Elsa 
\i Sis
\i0 ?" Anna interrupted.\
"When we were children," Elsa sighed.\
"You said you were fine with it!"\
"That's pretty cute," Anna offered. Strolling up the steps to Elsa's raised desk, she plopped down into her lap without warning. Elsa did nothing except raise an eyebrow when she saw Anna lift her chin in challenge. "But I am the favorite."\
"I don't think I want to compete\'85"\
Her closed door suddenly swung open again without the slightest warning, and for a moment Elsa had the vague thought that the world was becoming a strange place indeed if 
\i Edmund 
\i0 of all people was the only one to remember to knock. It was to her utter surprise when Saul burst into the study, gaze wild, disheveled as he almost never was. Elsa felt Anna press close against her in shock.\
Saul took one look at them and his eyes widened.\
Anna pulled away to her feet and cleared her throat, and though Elsa kept her gaze fixed on Saul, she could see out the corner of her eyes that Anna was nervously tucking her hair behind her ear.\
"Do you need something?" Elsa asked.\
"May we speak alone?" Saul looked at Edmund, and then to Anna.\
Elsa was ready to refuse and even Edmund looked about to argue, but Anna bounded over and grabbed him by the arm, letting out a cheery, "We'll just find something to do!" Before Elsa could say a word, Anna had already left the room. After the door closed, Saul moved back and locked it for good measure.\
Elsa narrowed her eyes. "What is this about?"\
"Are you involved with her?" Saul asked.\
It was an accusing tone he used, hoarse and demanding, but bitter enough that Elsa knew he must have already guessed. She had thought she felt guilty for pushing him away. When she heard his voice, she realized that she did not. There was regret, and even resentment, but not guilt. She had done the right thing after all.\
"Yes," Elsa said.\
"It will not reflect well on your rule," Saul warned. "The others will say that you are being influenced by some foreigner, that you are committing treason against the Southern Isles."\
"Do they not speak already? Let them talk."\
Saul balled his hands into fists and took a step forward. When Elsa raised her hand in warning, he halted as though with great force of effort. His eyes squeezed shut for a second before he asked through clenched teeth, "Is this kingdom so unimportant to you?"\
"It is important, but I return your question," Elsa said. "Is your concern for the kingdom really why you are here, or are you using it as an excuse to criticize my actions?"\
"An excuse? If I were looking for an excuse, I could use anything at all," Saul said. "You refuse to explain yourself. You refuse to listen to counsel. I have done everything I can to hold back those who would oppose you, but this time...Elsa, you cannot continue this. You are destroying yourself."\
"Don't presume to tell me what I can or cannot do," Elsa said.\
"I will when you are acting without a care for the consequences!"\
"Will you still not speak freely with me?" Elsa asked quietly.\
Saul stilled, frozen as though she had used her powers, frozen perhaps even more so, as though lead filled his limbs and paralyzed his mind. Elsa could stop someone from speaking. She could not stop someone from lying to themselves, and she knew that better than anyone. Heavy, oppressive silence filled the study, but Elsa waited for Saul to speak.\
"\'85Why?" Saul stepped closer, and though Elsa raised a hand again, this time he did not, would not, stop. "What does she have that I do not? In what way am I inferior to this girl you have known for mere weeks?"\
"If you must compare, then you know even less than I do."\
"I have always been here waiting for you, for 
\i years
\i0 . All I've ever wanted was to be by your side, I have given without asking for anything in return\'97"\
"Then what are you doing now?" Elsa asked.\
"I want an answer!" Saul was close enough that he could slam his hands down on her desk and glare furiously into her eyes, less than a foot away. But his rage was spent, his arms shook, and his head bowed only a brief moment after his outburst. "Just\'85tell me\'85why."\
"What 
\i have 
\i0 you done for me, Saul?" Elsa rose and steadied him by the arms, forcibly lifting him out of his stupor. "I remember everything, I will always think of you as a friend, but what have you ever done for me that wasn't for yourself?"\
Saul remained silent. Pulling away gently, he edged backwards, stepping off the dais of her raised seat and back to the lower level of the floor. Just like that, he was the perfect picture of humility again. Elsa was unsure which was worse, the explosive anger that was at least real, or this acted role all over again. She and Saul had been little more than strangers even as he taught her and she gave him her trust, and that was the crux of their relationship all those years.\
"I cannot give you an answer. It is something I only realized lately for myself," Elsa said.\
"Because of Anna?" Saul asked quietly. "What am I to you?"\
"She is part of it," Elsa admitted. "But the answer has always been there, the barrier between us. We 
\i are 
\i0 friends, Saul. I am sorry I pushed you away, but you have never held me close either."\
"I have, I always have\'97"\
Elsa shook her head, and Saul paused, his parted lips closing soundlessly. "If you had, then we would not need this conversation," Elsa said.\
"Is this your last word?"\
"It is."\
"I am glad that you consider us friends, then. Those years between us \'97 I will always treasure them." His words were terse but Saul was being truthful, not mocking. Elsa could tell that he meant them, even though he smiled wryly and the tint of bitterness never quite left his eyes.\
"As will I," Elsa said. "You will always be a trusted friend to me. That won't change."\
Saul nodded and turned away, stepping to the door with the weary steps of a defeated soldier. When his hand hovered over the doorknob, he stopped.\
"Elsa\'85" Saul looked back, and something flashed in his eyes that Elsa didn't recognize. Something was on the tip of his tongue, waiting to be said, and Saul opened his mouth as though beginning to speak. No sound left his lips before he shook his head and turned again, his back all she could see. Somehow, the act had a note of finality that should not have been there. "It was nothing of importance."\
The door clicked shut behind him.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Wow, what do you think is going on in there?" Edmund first pressed his ear to the keyhole then lay down on the ground to peer under the door, giving her a wink like he thought he was doing her a great favor. Anna grabbed him by the collar and dragged him up. "Will you stop doing that! God, you're way too strong for your size. What did you 
\i eat
\i0  growing up?" Edmund cried.\
"Give them a little privacy," Anna said.\
"You have to be curious too." Edmund wagged his eyebrows suggestively. "You do know that Saul has a thing for Elsa, right? You'd have to be blind to miss it. Aren't you worried?"\
"There's nothing to be worried about." Anna knew better than anyone just how Elsa felt, and guarding her jealously was the last thing Anna wanted. She was more worried about the way Saul looked, so lost yet so angry, so different from his usual composure and 
\i dangerous
\i0 . "Did Saul seem off to you?"\
"Completely out of character, yeah, so if by off you mean crazy bad vibes..." Edmund shrugged. "Well, Elsa can handle herself."\
"
\i Now
\i0  you decide not to worry." Anna shook her head. "Can I ask you about something else?"\
"Fire away," Edmund said.\
"About what Gustaf said earlier, that his wife and child were gone\'85"\
Edmund cut her off with a sharp hiss and pulled her away, moving at a brisk pace so that they were farther and farther from Elsa. Startled, Anna watched as he whirled around, eyes scanning to and fro. Only when he was satisfied that they were alone did he ask, very quietly, "How much do you know about the rebellion?" He sighed when Anna replied in the negative. "Right, I doubt
\i  I
\i0  know much more \'97 I think I was only a few months old \'97 but the rebellion failed and Gustaf's wife and infant son were exiled."\
"So Elsa wanted to send him to wherever too," Anna said quickly.\
"Yeah. To Baaj," Edmund said. Something about the hurried way he spat the name out as though it were unclean, 
\i evil
\i0 , made Anna shiver. "That place can be called an island, maybe a prison, but it was meant for torture. Ironic thing is that Gustaf designed it too."\
"Gustaf designed\'97"\
"For interrogation, you know, spies and traitors; Gustaf was huge on policing, but after it got shut down for brutality\'85" Edmund looked uncomfortable and Anna could understand why. She saw where this was going. "It started being used for exiles. Which sounds okay enough, right, but what it actually means is\'85a death sentence."\
"So then, his family\'85" Anna swallowed. "They're dead."\
Edmund nodded gravely. "Elsa has no idea, and to be honest, that's probably for the best. Nobody really knows, top secret and all that, but Gustaf told me and I overreacted. He barely stopped me from telling Elsa." His voice lowered. "If he lived, Odon would actually be about my age now, I think."\
They shared a moment of silence. Meanwhile, Anna sat in stunned silence. Markus had murdered his own grandson. So much for the kindly father figure he portrayed to Elsa. Should she tell Elsa? But Anna doubted Elsa would believe her, and even if she did, Gustaf 
\i had 
\i0 committed treason.\
"Believe me, there are a 
\i lot 
\i0 of skeletons in the closet. Just leave them be," Edmund said, his eyes far-off and gaze unfocused. For once, Anna remembered that he was older than her, had likely seen and witnessed much more than her sheltered life in Arendelle ever permitted.\
"You think I shouldn't tell Elsa."\
"What would it accomplish? Don't drive a wedge between you two for our sake. It wasn't easy getting this far, right?" Edmund smiled and clapped a hand on her shoulder. "I appreciate the thought, Anna, but let our problems be our own. Thirteen brothers of the Southern Isles. None of our troubles should be yours."\
"If you think that's best," Anna said.\
"You must think our family is just a den of vipers," Edmund laughed.\
"No, I wish I could." Anna leaned against the wall and took a deep breath, exhaling as she slid down and slumped on the floor. "It's like the more I learn, the more complicated everything becomes. How do you do it? Get through all this, I mean."\
Edmund sat beside her, tucking his knees against his chest. "Everything will be all right one day. I hold onto that dream, and I know I'll make it happen."\
"And people say 
\i I'm
\i0  optimistic."\
"After all, optimism is my only redeeming trait," Edmund said, tapping the side of his head. "If I didn't have that, I'd be pretty empty inside. Always keep the faith, Anna."\
"Good advice," Anna mumbled.\
She just hoped she could manage to do that.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Much hint, very plot. For Elsa's answer to Gustaf's question about extremes, please read Tempest: Checkmate.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 19: Crystals Glitter Upon the Mundane
\b0 \
Now that the first of the nightmares resurfaced, Elsa was plagued with them every night. Even though Elsa tried to assure her it was no fault of hers, Anna couldn't help but feel guilty. She was the one dragging up all these foreign emotions, and with them, the pain Elsa had done so much to repress. Not that she agreed with the repressing, but every time Anna looked across her bed to see Elsa writhing in her sleep, gasping unintelligible words that spoke of little more than absolute, paralyzing fear\'85\
She wished more than anything that she could be the one suffering instead.\
No matter how hard Elsa tried to drown herself in work, the nightmares never abated but instead seemed worse than before. They were strong enough that sometimes Anna would get glimpses of them, even while she was awake. Memories of Elsa's childhood, some good and some bad, intermingled into a chaotic swirl of resentment and regret and longing. Sometimes she would feel herself shatter into thousands of pieces and scatter into the wind, power broken, but Anna did not understand these sensations and Elsa was just as puzzled. The scenes of Elsa carving out her heart into a reliquary slipped in among them, and Elsa would wake clutching her chest gasping for air she no longer needed.\
Elsa told her not to fret over her nightmares, but Anna made it a point to walk over to Elsa's bed every time, until it became a regular occurrence for her to wake up to Anna holding her protectively in her arms. She would find her head lying on Anna's shoulder, forehead against her neck, lulled to sleep by the gentle pulse of her heartbeat. All too often, Elsa opened her eyes to see Anna sitting against the headboard with her head in her lap, one hand brushing through her hair.\
One night, Anna simply joined Elsa in her bed.\
They would wake up together anyway, Anna reasoned, knowing Elsa was wary of the idea. Something about decency, but Anna argued that it was more efficient to just share one bed. Elsa was 
\i all 
\i0 about efficiency. Eventually, just as Anna began to run out of arguments, Elsa nodded and held her close.\
It was another morning of Anna staying up through the night with Elsa's head in her lap. Another night of Elsa suffering through the feeling of loss, but Anna was glad to see her sleeping peacefully at last. When Elsa woke up, her slow blinking and languid stretch reminiscent of a cat, Anna smiled brightly in greeting. Elsa sat up and Anna shifted as well, moving off the hard backboard she had been leaning against the entire night. When Anna stretched, her joints cracked one after the other.\
"You shouldn't sleep like that," Elsa said. "It's bad for your back."\
"Oh, probably," Anna chirped. "But if it helps you sleep better, I don't mind."\
"You're losing sleep."\
Anna only shrugged noncommittally, prompting a sigh from the queen. She was losing a little sleep, sure, but Elsa had admitted to having run on an hour of sleep a night \'97 
\i on average 
\i0 \'97 for an undisclosed amount of time. But Anna could guess exactly how long that habit had lasted. Elsa hadn't needed as much sleep ever since making her reliquary, and she had abused that privilege ever since\'85five years ago. Anna could stand to lose some sleep in comparison.\
When Anna turned to hop off the bed, Elsa caught her wrist and said, very calmly, in the blandest of deadpans, "Take off your shirt."\
Anna whirled around and gave her an odd stare. "Uhh, I'm not sure I follow. Is this a good surprise? It's just a little random, I mean."\
Elsa frowned. "Just listen to me. Take off your shirt and lay down on your front."\
It was a strange request all things considered, but Anna trusted Elsa enough to not ask questions, instead doing exactly as she asked without further hesitation. Without 
\i any 
\i0 hesitation. Elsa politely averted her eyes when Anna undressed without even bothering to turn away, and Anna fought back giggles at her obvious discomfort. It took effort to get Elsa worked up enough to abandon 
\i decency
\i0 , as she called it. Most the time, she was perfectly courteous to the point of being stuffy.\
As soon as Anna flopped down on her stomach, Elsa sat up and swung her knee over Anna's prone form so she straddled her lower back. She wasn't exactly wearing a whole lot of fabric herself, so the inside of her bare thighs were pressing into Anna's sides. Anna wriggled at the strange sensation, feeling laughter build up in her stomach as she tried desperately to get away. She was ticklish!\
"Stay still and try to relax," Elsa murmured, but she seriously had no idea what she was doing, leaning down so her breath fanned over the shell of Anna's ear. Anna was ready to die.\
Just as Anna considered doing something 
\i really 
\i0 indecent to escape, Elsa placed her hands on either side of her spine, fingers rubbing the aching muscles in her back. Anna buried her face in a pillow trying to hide how red she was, but the moment she breathed deeply and smelled Elsa's scent, she arched her back and moaned aloud.\
Elsa paused.\
"J-Just keep doing what you're doing," Anna said. She had wanted to get away only a few seconds ago, but now the thought of Elsa getting off of her was almost unthinkable. So she was half-naked with Elsa on top of her giving her a back massage. Not the strangest thing in the world.\
Anna felt Elsa lean forward and work light circles on her skin, languidly making her way up before beginning to knead her shoulders with a firm but gentle touch. Delicious warmth spread through her body as Elsa's hands worked over her back; Anna moaned into the pillow again as the tension gradually left her strained muscles. As always Elsa emanated a comfortable chill, but Anna felt something more like a pleasant fire tracing alongside her spine. She thought she might start melting any minute from the heat enveloping her skin.\
"You really do have freckles everywhere," Elsa murmured. "I never noticed before."\
If it were possible, Anna thought she really might combust into flames. She couldn't even work up a decent response, instead biting back a low groan when Elsa clamped her thighs around her just a little bit tighter for better leverage. Those cold fingers spread across her back farther and farther away from the center, flirting dangerously close to the sides of her naked breasts. Before Elsa actually touched her there, she moved up and dug into her shoulders, and it felt wonderful even if Anna wanted to scream at the tease.\
When Elsa started on her neck, leaning down to work out the knots, Anna gave up at trying to stay calm. She flipped around, cupped Elsa's face, and kissed her with all the force she could muster, thrusting her tongue into her mouth. She was probably moving much too quickly but she 
\i needed 
\i0 to get close, as close as possible. Elsa had the nerve to seem 
\i surprised
\i0 , like she really had no idea what she was doing to her; Anna growled and pushed forward, trapping Elsa under herself. She bent down and spent a moment licking and biting at Elsa's collarbone, feeling Elsa raise a leg and lock it around her waist to drag her closer.\
"You are so dense," Anna said, pressing kisses all along the pale skin of her neck and looking up to enjoy the sight of Elsa with her eyes closed, lips slightly parted.\
"\'85You seem to like it." Without warning, Elsa reached up to pull Anna to the side and down, smiling at her stunned gape before pressing a chaste kiss to her forehead. "But maybe some other time, Anna. Should we\'85?"\
Anna pouted. "You get me half-naked and then ask me to stop. That's not fair." Elsa only sat back and gave her another small smile, and Anna knew she wasn't going to win. Swallowing back another retort and desperately trying to calm herself down, she flopped back around to her front. "All right, all right."\
"Are you ready?" Elsa asked.\
That was supposed to be 
\i her
\i0  question, but Anna nodded her head anyway. She had absolutely no concern about this, but it had taken several days of careful coaxing and needling before Elsa finally agreed. That she had brought it up herself was practically proof that she was more flustered than she let on, and Anna silently celebrated her victory. At least 
\i one 
\i0 good thing had come of her being teased.\
Elsa would be making her another dress.\
Only this time, Elsa would be making it from nothing. No template dress for her to build off of, nothing in between her magic and Anna. There was only Elsa this time.\
Anna felt Elsa summon her magic, the burst of cold air like a breeze against her bare skin, and even if she was looking away, Anna could imagine the sparkling mixture of ice and snow swirling around her fingertips. Slowly, carefully, Elsa lowered her hand and clasped Anna's in her own.\
It was almost as good as the kisses, honestly. Anna felt a shiver wrack through her spine as the ice flowed over her like a second skin, gently melding itself over her body with a soft touch more intimate than that of a lover. She squeezed her eyes shut, but her lack of vision only made the sensation even more powerful. It was a slow burn, almost painful in the intensity of its pleasure, and Anna clutched Elsa's hand hard, hard enough she would have worried she was hurting her if she could form any coherent thought.\
All too soon, it was over. Anna slowly opened her eyes, feeling the world spin on its side. Vaguely, she registered Elsa lifting her up.\
"Did I hurt you?" Elsa stammered.\
"N-No! I'm fine," Anna said. She pulled away and steadied herself to prove her point. "See, I'm okay. That was just...intense. Wow."\
Anna looked down at herself and admired her new dress, made of ice and given form over her skin, not merely building atop another mundane base. It was beautiful, far more beautiful than even the last dress Elsa had made her, but the beauty lay in that they were making progress. It was tangible proof that Elsa could relearn control, proof that Elsa was more than the weapon she had learned to be.\
"I told you there was nothing to be afraid of," Anna said.\
For the longest time, Elsa stayed silent with her head bowed, her face shadowed so that Anna could read nothing of her expression. All she felt from the reliquary, even, was simple mute shock that told her little else of what Elsa was feeling, relief or otherwise. Anna wasn't worried. She knew that this time, this time everything would be all right.\
Elsa raised her head and smiled.\
"Now I know."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 As Elsa grew more and more confident, she began to use her magic in tiny, mundane ways to refine her control. It all culminated over breakfast one day, when Anna took a sip of her water and found it suspiciously warm. She eyed the glass for a while, wondering if she was going crazy. Never mind that warm water tasted a little strange, feeling 
\i anything
\i0  warm in the palace of ice was unusual in itself.\
When Anna looked at Elsa, the queen only smiled slyly.\
Anna watched, perplexed, as Elsa waved her hand in a half-arc and ice cubes formed in mid-air. When Elsa extended her arm, the cubes slowly levitated across the table and neatly deposited themselves into Anna's drink, making only the tiniest of splashes. Anna stared into her glass for a moment, and then looked up to Elsa. She appeared so enormously proud of herself that Anna burst out laughing.\
"Is something wrong?" Elsa asked, smile vanishing as her eyebrows knit together.\
"I-It's just\'85" Anna fought back her giggles, trying desperately to keep a straight face. "That was so corny! Did you set this up to show off?"\
"I thought it would be impressive," Elsa admitted, now ducking her head uncomfortably. Anna sprang from her seat, bolted across the distance between them, and leapt into Elsa's lap to give her a tight hug, moving so fast that Elsa's chair slid back from the force of her charge. Elsa let out a tiny 
\i oof 
\i0 but held on.\
"You are the strangest and the most wonderful person I know," Anna said.\
Elsa shifted and looked away. "If you say so."\
"Hey, I'm serious. I'm sorry I laughed, I only thought it was cute. Don't be mad?" Anna placed a feather-like kiss over the side of Elsa's jaw, and then another, tracing down to her chin until she felt Elsa smile.\
"That won't get you out of everything," Elsa said, folding her arms around Anna and tucking her head snugly beneath her chin. Anna stifled a laugh when Elsa pressed a kiss to her hair.\
Anna grinned. "If you say so."\
They sat there together for a long time, breakfast forgotten. Anna closed her eyes and breathed in the crisp smell of ice and snow while Elsa brushed through her hair, playing with the platinum strand again. It had been a little disconcerting for Anna at first, to not feel a heartbeat, but once she remembered why she never thought twice about it again. But Elsa herself had always been unwilling to let her come that close. Being together like this was a first.\
"Does it bother you at all?" Elsa asked quietly.\
"I know you have a heart. It's with me," Anna said. She sat up and looked Elsa in the eyes, leaning forward so her forehead met hers. "I've never minded. No matter what, I'll always love you."\
"I\'85" Elsa swallowed and closed her eyes, clearly struggling with the words. Instead, she kissed Anna softly on the lips. "I feel the same," Elsa said.\
"And that's all I need."\
Elsa had never directly said she loved her. Anna knew it made Elsa uncomfortable to say those three little words, and she didn't need them. Words were just that, words. Words could be a lie or be taken back or even be forgotten. They had more, much more than that\'85but Anna wouldn't have even needed the reliquary to know that Elsa loved her. It was in everything she did, the way she looked at her, the way she smiled only for her, the way she held her. That was enough.\
"I'm going to try something else," Elsa said. She shifted and moved Anna so she sat properly on the chair, then rose to her feet.\
Anna watched as Elsa took a few steps back. Her hands moved in slow revolutions around a growing orb of ice, and then Elsa pulled in both directions. Before Anna's eyes the orb stretched and reformed into a thin column, as malleable as any metal. The invisible hands of a crafter shaped out individual holes along its length, refitted them with keys, and all the while a pencil-thin engraving was carved out into a helix. Even the end was capped with a crown.\
"A flute," Anna gasped. She remembered Rafael telling her had Elsa learned to play what amounted to every instrument Anna knew, but it was one thing to hear it and another thing to actually see Elsa 
\i create 
\i0 her own flute. The level of craftsmanship was amazing. A flute of ice, each individual key composed of dozens of fractals so they shone like diamonds.\
Elsa only smiled, lifted the flute to her lips, and began to play.\
It was a quiet, melodious sound. Notes began as hollow, maybe the slightest bit unsettling, even, with a melancholic tinge that was beautiful but haunting. They dragged out more and more before diving into a whirlwind of unison notes of unrelenting tempo, into visceral and gut-wrenching pain, horribly real and raw as though being utterly exposed. Anna listened with bated breath, watched as Elsa closed her eyes and played, until she thought she could bear it no longer.\
At last Elsa shifted her fingers over the keys and the melody changed. The tempo slowed again, still mellow, but brighter, hopeful, like the break of dawn. There was a tinge of that same bittersweet sorrow and there always would be, but the soft music was clearer than what it had started out as, elegant and intimate. A comfortable humming, no longer shrill but penetrating all the same. It salved the wounds from before. It was calming.\
It reminded Anna of Elsa.\
Elsa lowered the flute and opened her eyes. Only when she stepped closer and bent down to her knees to wipe the tears from Anna's face did Anna even realize she had been crying.\
"I'm glad I have you," Elsa said. "I was starting to believe that the world had nothing left for me, nothing but darkness, and then I found you. You convinced me there can still be light. Do you\'85understand?"\

\i I want to see you every evening and every morning and every night and every day. I want to go where you go and leave with you following, to smile when you laugh, to cry when you suffer, to hear your voice and even your silence. I would spend eternity watching you stumble over your feet and yawn too loudly, eat too quickly, speak too rashly. And I would stare into your eyes as they tell me you would do anything for me, but I don't want you to give up any more for me, only me.
\i0 \

\i I love you, Anna.
\i0 \
"Don't cry. It doesn't suit you," Elsa said aloud. "You taught me how to smile again."\
"It's because I'm happy," Anna said. "Sometimes we're so happy that even a smile isn't enough, and you just need to cry it out. You've done it too. Remember that?"\
"...Yes. Markus taught me how to live, but you've taught me how to be alive." Elsa took Anna's hand in her own. Anna knew Elsa could feel the shared pulse of their hearts beating at the tips of her fingers. "I can't thank you enough. I wish \'97 I wish I could say how I feel out loud. You deserve more than what I can give you through this bond, whatever it is."\
"That doesn't matter to me. What would change?" Anna tightened her grip when Elsa began to pull away. "Whatever you think I deserve, I don't want it. I want you."\
Suddenly it dawned on Anna why something about this reminded her of the past. Only their positions had been reversed. Elsa had been the one seated on a grand chair, though it was a throne, and Anna had been the one kneeling, but at a distance. Elsa had looked at her, and then she had said\'85\
"There's just one thing..." Anna began, and Elsa widened her eyes before finally giving in to the memory, laughing softly. They both finished the sentence at the same time. "I want her."\
Anna burst into laughter, letting herself fall off the chair without a worry because she knew Elsa would catch her. They tumbled to the floor in an undignified sprawl, and this time Elsa laughed louder, freer, joining in just as rambunctiously as Anna. Anna turned her head to the side and saw Elsa with a wide grin on her face, an actual 
\i grin
\i0  and not just a half-smile. Even her eyes were curved into crescents.\
"Things 
\i have
\i0  changed quite a bit. In a good way," Elsa added. Anna laughed again and squeezed her hand in reassurance. "Who would have thought?"\
"Why did you take me with you in the first place?" Anna asked. It was probably a sensitive question, but she was glad that Elsa didn't pull away. "Seriously, that came out of nowhere."\
"It was a whim. I barely thought about it before the words left me," Elsa admitted. With her free hand she swept her hair back, all the while staring up at the tall ceiling. "It was just that\'85you were the only one who wasn't afraid. There was no judgment, not of my 
\i powers
\i0 , anyway, but because of what I had done and I \'97 I was so, so curious." Elsa shook her head. "No, I was 
\i fascinated
\i0 . And wary, because you were everything I wasn't and you were so alive while I was\'85dead, inside. I regretted it as soon as I said it, and later I told your father you could refuse. I was surprised when you agreed."\
"Pappa told me that," Anna said.\
Elsa shifted so she was looking at her, and Anna cracked a smile when Elsa asked, sounding endearingly confused, "Why did you come, then?"\
"Duh, I thought he was lying," Anna snorted. "Either that or you were just messing with us, I had no idea I actually had a choice. So it was all an accident then. A really good accident."\
"It was a poor decision on my part," Elsa said.\
"Are we going to go through this again? You know that I want to stay with you\'85"\
"I know," Elsa said, smiling, but her smile dropped almost as quickly as it came. She sat up and rubbed at her temple, chronic headache no doubt returning. "But I'm worried it won't be safe for you here."\
Anna situated herself behind Elsa and moved her hand away, replacing it with her own hands and feeling Elsa relax under her touch. "You need to stop stressing yourself out so much. You're getting headaches too often, I'm starting to worry."\
"A side-effect of creating a reliquary, I believe. I may have perfect recall now, but my thoughts are so tempered by it that they become overwhelming," Elsa said.\
"What does 
\i that 
\i0 mean?"\
"My mind is too focused for me to rest," Elsa explained, and it clicked in Anna's mind that she had been pushing her unwanted memories away and streamlining her thoughts for years and years on end. Small wonder she had headaches. Elsa turned around to face her and said, "Anna, I want to be honest with you. Arendelle is suffering from a shortage."\
Anna swallowed, too stunned to notice Elsa lowering her hand and rubbing circles onto her skin. "Is everything going to be all right?"\
"They will be. I'm going to Weselton soon," Elsa said.\
"Oh. Okay, that sounds\'85that sounds fine." Anna only realized a split second after what exactly Elsa meant. Weselton wasn't going to just hand over supplies. "Wait, but then\'85"\
"I promise you that I'll keep casualties to a minimum," Elsa said quickly, but at her words, visions of the exact opposite flashed past Anna's eyes. Blood, so much blood, everywhere...\
Anna only realized she was staring off into space when Elsa lightly shook her. "S-Sorry, I just\'97" Anna blinked hard, trying to get rid of the phantom images lying atop her normal vision. "I'm okay."\
"\'85If you're sure," Elsa said. She continued, "I'm more worried about leaving you here alone. But\'85I could bring you with me."\
"No," Anna said. She shook her head when Elsa opened her mouth to argue. "No, I'll stay here. I know you don't really want me to go."\
Anna could feel it; Elsa was afraid of letting her see that darker side of her, afraid she would reject her afterwards. Even if Elsa hadn't been aware of the images she at least knew there was no point in lying, because she didn't deny it. And if she were being honest, not even Anna herself was sure she could accept Elsa freely using her powers to kill\'85but there was another reason she wanted to stay behind.\
"But it's dangerous here," Elsa said. "I'll be too far away, I won't be here to protect you from the brothers or even the Sorcerer if he makes a move\'97"\
"And I'll distract you even more if you bring me to a war," Anna said. "You've already been hurt once when I was targeted. If you bring me\'85" It would be so obvious how easy it was to hurt Elsa through her. Anna wouldn't allow it. "Everything will be fine here. I'll have Alek and Edmund. You can't tell me you don't trust them at least?"\
"But still\'85"\
"Just come back quickly," Anna said. When Elsa looked unconvinced, Anna put on a smile. "Come on, I'm sure nothing bad is going to happen, I'll even hold down the fort for you for a little bit. Don't bring anyone else back this time though, I don't need a roommate."\
It was a forced joke and she knew it. Elsa said nothing for a long while, until at length, she sighed. "Nothing I say will convince you otherwise?" Anna shook her head silently and Elsa said, "Three days. I'll be back in three days." She rose to her feet.\
Anna caught her wrist, and Elsa looked back in confusion. "Trust me, I can handle myself. Don't worry about me and just stay safe."\
"You're forgetting who I am. Nothing can hurt me," Elsa said.\
"No one is invincible. Not even you," Anna said. "Just remember that I'll be here waiting for you, okay?"\
"\'85I will."\
Anna watched as Elsa walked away. The soft folds of her dress shifted into something darker and sharper, plated with armor, the ends flared out starched and rigid. The collar rose into a metal-ice alloy pointed like the end of a blade. The arches of a crown affixed her head.\
She was Queen Elsa once more.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 20: Day One, 72 Hours Remain
\b0 \
Elsa had spent less than two months with Anna, but years with the royal family. It was an easy thing to put on her best thespian performance: a regal stance of royal authority and a face trained to a blank canvas, revealing none of the turmoil she felt inside. She couldn't allow them to see even the smallest hint of weakness, or they might seize on the opportunity left in her wake even more fervently than they already would. It was as comfortable as switching masks and Elsa wondered, vaguely, if this was truly a mask at all. Maybe the face she wore with 
\i Anna 
\i0 was the mask.\
"Weselton will fall," Elsa announced. "In my absence, I leave Prince Saul in charge."\
A murmur of surprise rippled from the assembled princes, not from her first statement but the second. She had never once left anyone in charge, preferring to allow them free reign on her expeditions. The brothers acted as checks on one another well enough, and a few days of contained chaos was far preferable to raising any one above the others. But times were different. She needed someone to act as a pillar, and she could trust no one but Saul to have the necessary fortitude.\
"Why Eight?" Fabian demanded. "Anyone would be better, and Gustaf has more right than any of us. Just because you two had a 
\i thing
\i0 \'97"\
"You should shut your mouth before speaking of things you know nothing about," Alek snarled. Elsa was surprised that he would defend her, but she supposed Anna did have a way with people, even ones as obdurate as Alek. Still, she was more curious about how Saul would handle this.\
"If you speak of right, then no one has greater right than the Queen to appoint her successor," Saul said, calmly and easily. At his heart, he was a born-natural in the court. "And, by your courtesy, don't drag my esteemed brother into your idiocy. I'm sure Gustaf bears no grudge. Am I correct?"\
"Of course," Gustaf said. "You are my younger brother by fully shared blood. It would be ungracious of me to do otherwise, Saul."\
Sometimes Elsa forgot they shared a mother; Saul looked nothing like Gustaf, resembling their mother just as much as Gustaf resembled Markus. But it was clever of Saul to use that to his advantage. Fabian was forced to swallow his outrage, Cyrus offered a few platitudes to apologize on his behalf, and the potentially tricky matter was closed.\
"If any others have disagreements, speak them now. Do not stir troubles in my absence," Elsa said. "I would not have your numbers dwindle any further."\
"We're good!" Edmund said, giving her a thumbs-up. When Elsa made no outward response, he did not appear at all discouraged, instead grinning sheepishly when Fabian scoffed.\
"I will serve to my utmost ability," Saul said, bowing with one hand placed over his heart. "Godspeed, Queen Elsa. May Nola speed your sails, and by the Grace of Lenus, may you return victorious."\
"Not quite yet," Elsa said, and Saul paused. "I have no need for the blessing of pagan gods. On the other hand, I would like to borrow Oliver."\
At once all the princes stilled, though Elsa had to hide a frown when she saw Gustaf smiling knowingly. Even Hans looked puzzled, but Gustaf alone seemed to understand. Oliver stepped forward, looking shaken, but one glance from Saul and he calmed. After taking a deep breath, he bowed. "Your Majesty?"\
"I've heard that you are an able strategist. If you are willing," Elsa said, tone brokering no argument despite the geniality of her words, "I would have you join me to offer your counsel."\
"I-I'm afraid my capability has been greatly exaggerated, I would be of little use\'97"\
"Oliver would be happy to go," Saul interrupted, and even without her raised view from the throne, Elsa would have been hard-pressed to miss the warning in his voice. "Isn't that right?"\
"Of course," Oliver said. "I meant no offense. I was only afraid I would disappoint, but I will endeavor to meet your expectations, Your Majesty."\
Elsa nodded and rose from her throne, and immediately all the princes \'97 some more grudgingly than others \'97 bent to one knee with their heads down. "You are all dismissed. Oliver, meet me at the docks in half an hour." At her dismissal they rose and slowly stepped back, though still half-bowed and without turning away from her. Only past the doorway could they move as usual, but Elsa's gaze zeroed in on one particular prince. "A moment of your time, Hans."\
Barely missing a beat, Hans stopped in his tracks. Elsa was impressed by his poise. Not once he did react to the half-questioning, half-gleeful gazes of the others, some curious and others certain he would be punished in some way. Instead, Hans kept his eyes fixed on hers in wordless challenge. Once his brothers had exited, Hans walked closer.\
"Is there something else you needed, Your Majesty?"\
Elsa abandoned caution. She rushed forward with the wind at the heels, faster than Hans could ever hope to react to, and before he could blink twice she had her hand wrapped around his throat. It took all the control she had to rein in her ice, but even still, she knew her skin had to be freezing to the touch. Hans widened his eyes, but he offered no resistance. That would just give her an excuse. She sorely wished he 
\i would 
\i0 try something.\
"If you try anything, even 
\i think 
\i0 about hurting Anna," Elsa hissed, "I promise you that no power in any world will ever stop me from killing you. There will be no sanctuary for you, no place you can hide where I will not find you. Am I understood?"\
Hans jerked his head in the best approximation of a nod that he could manage. Elsa released him, shoving him away so roughly that he stumbled backwards and nearly fell to the floor. Only an ungraceful flail kept him on his feet. The instant he regained his footing Hans clutched his throat, shaking fingers pulling his collar outward as far as it would go. Though Hans held back his coughs, Elsa could see that he was desperate for air.\
"Are you sure that I should be the one you're so wary of?" Hans asked.\
Elsa had thought so, but when faced with her attack, Hans had done nothing. If he were the Sorcerer, Elsa had expected him to lash out on instinct. It should have been reflex to do 
\i something
\i0 , and yet Hans had left himself defenseless. Was she wrong, then? Or was he simply controlled enough to hide himself?\
"You are the only one who might be foolish enough to try," Elsa said.\
Who else could it be\'85?\
"Then you should know that I am no threat to you." Hans fixed his collar and straightened out his coat, no longer thrown but composed as usual. "I will not harm Anna. That, I can promise you."\
There was something about the way he said it. Elsa trusted Hans as little as she would trust a blade hanging over her neck, but for once she did not doubt him. There was no duplicity in his voice that she could discern, and she had known him for years and years, played this game for almost as long. Maybe she was overconfident, but she thought she would be able to tell if he were lying.\
"See to it that you do not."\
Elsa left without another glance back.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna watched from the battlements as the fleet left, the strengthened hulls of ice-breakers smashing a path for the other ships to follow. She supposed she could have gone to the docks, but there was little reason to when Elsa needed to maintain her aloof image. They had already said their goodbyes. All she could do now was wait. At the head of the fleet was a single ship crafted entirely of ice, a ship Anna was familiar with as both the one that had headed the assault on Arendelle and the one that had brought Elsa to her. How strange it was\'85\
"Huh. Not too often I see you looking so thoughtful."\
Anna turned around and saw Alek approaching, looking not exactly friendly \'97 she would be surprised if the blond twat was ever 
\i not 
\i0 scowling \'97 but maybe a tad bit softer than he usually did. She gave him her biggest smile and he rolled his eyes, leaning against the castle walls next to her.\
"So, are you calling me an airhead?" Anna asked.\
"You said it, not me." Alek waved a hand before Anna could protest and added, "Elsa asked me to watch over you. I would have done it anyway, but I'm impressed she would ask. Guess she does care for you."\
"What, something made you think otherwise?"\
"No, I just didn't think she could, but\'85well. It's easy to care about you. I know I do," Alek said. Anna looked at him carefully and was shocked to see a smile small curling at the edge of his lips. It might have been her imagination but he looked the slightest bit disappointed. "Don't take this the wrong way."\
"I'll take it the way you want me to," Anna said.\
"Friends, then." Alek extended a hand. When Anna took it, feeling a little befuddled by the strange formality of it all, Alek laughed and shook her hand with a vigor that left her reeling. "So then, back on topic before you distract me again. From what I've seen, Elsa is treating you well."\
Anna frowned, shaking her hand around to get the feeling back into her fingers. Stupid blond didn't know his own strength. "From what you've seen?"\
"I've spent hours spying on you two in the study. You know, from the courtyard. Pretty good view through the windows from there," Alek said, shrugging his shoulders while Anna gaped. "I had to make sure she wasn't doing anything indecent to you. Guess I was wrong. She seems\'85courteous enough."\
"Uhh, I'm happy you think so? But that's a little creepy." Anna smacked him upside the head, silently thanking whatever gods existed that Alek had no idea about the things she and Elsa did 
\i elsewhere
\i0 . Mostly at her insistence. Alek apparently had a thick skull because he barely reacted to the hit, only laughing quietly at her feeble efforts. "Seriously! It's not okay to stalk us," Anna grumbled.\
"Please, you two are so obvious that I'd have to make an effort to not notice. And honestly, it's a little 
\i too
\i0  obvious," Alek said, sobering in the blink of an eye. "Listen, Anna. You're not going to like this, but as a friend, I have to say it anyway."\
Something about his tone set off warning bells in her head. "All right," Anna said, nodding and mentally bracing herself. Maybe he 
\i did 
\i0 know. She would just have to call him out for being a stalker again\'97\
"How long do you intend to keep this going? Whatever it is you have with Elsa?" Alek frowned when Anna just blinked. "Have you ever considered that this might never lead to anything?"\
"What do you mean? Of course it will. It already 
\i has
\i0 . You said it yourself that Elsa cares about me," Anna said.\
"But she can't ever give you a proper title. It's impossible for you two to be officially together," Alek stressed. Releasing a loud sigh when Anna said nothing, Alek ran a hand through his hair and looked away, clenching his jaw angrily. "Just think for a second. What are you considered now? Are you still a prisoner of war, or are you Elsa's consort? You're technically just a prisoner, sure, but do you think anyone would dare do 
\i anything 
\i0 to you? You may as well be our master, but the thing is that you're 
\i not 
\i0 and everything's all muddled and unclear."\
"Why does that matter? I'm happy just being here with Elsa\'97"\
"Goddamnit, Anna," Alek hissed. "You deserve more than to be some trophy she keeps around!"\
That was too much. Alek had no idea what he was talking about, and even if Anna was fine with him misunderstanding her, now he was insulting Elsa too in one fell swoop. Without thinking twice Anna slapped him across the face with all her strength, and unlike her playful hit last time, Alek's head whipped to the side. The resounding smack rang terribly loud in the silence of the battlement. Once the echo faded, it was even quieter. Only after the fact did Anna realize what she had done.\
"I-I'm sorry," Anna stammered. She drew her hand back against her chest, trying to control her breathing.\
"It's fine, I was out of line. I'll leave now," Alek said. When he turned away, more than likely to leave \'97 not that she could blame him \'97 Anna grabbed onto his arm with both her hands. When Alek looked back, Anna winced at the red print across his face. She had hit him harder than she thought.\
"Just hear me out, all right? I know what I said sounded stupid, but I've thought about this," Anna said, letting go of the blond. Alek crossed his arms and Anna continued, "Even if I don't know where this is going, I have to do it anyway. Does that make sense? I just have to."\
At length, Alek uncrossed his arms and sighed. "Fine, I can't tell you what to do. I just hope you know what you're doing. Not like I can give you any advice, I'm not some sort of relationship guru."\
Anna was relieved to hear the edge leave his voice, the horribly forced formality that suited Alek as little as it did Anna reverting back to his usual ease. "But aren't you still trying to be?"\
Alek snorted and rubbed at his face, but he had to smack Anna's hand away when she reached out to poke her handprint. "Stop that. It hurts enough without you messing with it."\
"I'm sorry! It just happened." Anna grinned sheepishly as Alek rolled his eyes. "So other than giving me relationship advice, don't you have anything better to do?"\
"Of course, I can't forget my charge from Elsa," Alek said. "I've been looking into this Sorcerer, but I've found 
\i nothing
\i0 . It's a little uncanny how good he is at hiding his tracks. I don't want it to be true\'85but I'm sure that he has to be one of us. There's no other way he could manage all this so meticulously."\
"Are there no leads at all?" Anna asked.\
"I hardly know where to start. I've just been ransacking Tobias's room, but there's nothing that might help. Definitely nothing about magic."\
"And you haven't thought about\'85" Anna bit her lip. What she was about to say might have been insensitive, but for the life of her she couldn't think of any way to word it delicately. That had never been her strong point. "You know, about Alvard. Have you\'85been to his room?"\
Alek pursed his lips, biting out reluctantly, "No."\
"...Should we go?"\
"Go on your own, I don't want to."\
Anna put her hands on her hips. "Now you're just being stubborn. So I guess you're just being yourself, but seriously\'97"\
"Look, Anna, I\'85" Alek threw his hands onto the railing and released a weary sigh. "I know that's the logical thing, I really do. But going there, I can't, I just\'85I can't."\
Anna approached slowly, and then laid her hand on Alek's back. "If you want to do something for Alvard, you have to find his killer," Anna said. Alek stilled, but she could see him looking at her out the corner of his eye and she knew the cogs were running in his mind. "You can't avoid it forever."\
"\'85Is that a challenge?" Alek turned with an uneasy grin, and even if it was obviously forced, Anna was glad to see it. There was a flicker of fight in his eyes now that had been missing before.\
"You think I can't drag you there?" Anna fumed when Alek only raised an eyebrow and straightened, looming a full foot taller than her and casting a shadow over her entire person. "This doesn't change a thing."\
"All right, I give up. Let's just go." Without waiting for a reply, Alek strolled down the steps of the castle walls. "Any time this century, Anna. I know you're short, but try to keep up."\
"What the\'97" Anna gaped when Alek vanished around the corner before she could even begin to give chase. "Hey! Make up your mind!"\
She ran full-speed.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Alvard's room was kept as it always was, though black cowls had been draped over the furnishings and nearly everything was coated in a thin layer of dust. No one came in here to clean, not when the door was sealed; Alek had needed to draw his sword to hack down the lock, and while Anna was impressed by the show of unnecessary violence, she did back away from his manic swings. Alek strode through the door and glanced around the room with disgust.\
"I should have come sooner. Look at this," Alek said, scowling as per usual, so Anna ignored him in favor of taking a closer look around.\
Standard fare all around: massive bed, dresser, polished-looking desk, though there was a grindstone placed to the side and the wall was lined with an assortment of weapons ranging from swords and battle-axes to spears and flails. Compared to Saul, Alvard's room was much less polished, certainly no intricate teacups and sculptures. And dust everywhere, of course, even on the carpet.\
"Nobody else has been here, unless they can float," Alek said, pointing down to the footprint-less floor. "Though I wouldn't be surprised anymore if that were the case."\
"So should we just look around?" Anna asked.\
"I guess. This was your idea."\
Anna swallowed a retort in favor of observing the weapons. A rack with four swords slotted vertically side by side. She raised a hand to tap the flat side of a broadsword, surprised by the clear ring it emitted.\
"Alvard always kept them in perfect condition," Alek explained, but his fond grin turned into a frown when he walked closer. "Except this one looks\'85" Anna watched as Alek withdrew the third one, a longsword, and gave it a test swing. "Half-sharpened. Strange for two reasons."\
"You lost me."\
"There's no reason for it to be dulled, I had no idea Alvard was in any sort of conflict and none of these are training swords," Alek explained. "And 
\i half
\i0 -sharpened? That can't be right."\
"Well, you guys patrolled, right? Even outside in the town? Maybe he had to stop something and it was minor so you just didn't know about it," Anna said.\
Alek laughed. "Have you looked outside recently? We barely have crime, so nothing to stop. Almost no one has the gall to try anything. Really, Alvard insisted on patrols just because of tradition. Oh, but we have assassins coming for Elsa now and then. Usually we just turn a blind eye."\
Anna scowled. "I've been meaning to say something about that. You grew up with her, and you let people try to kill her?"\
"Like they could. You haven't seen everything she can do. Assassins are just target practice for Elsa. Or, well, more like ants," Alek said, fiddling with the sword a moment longer. When the silence stretched on, he looked back at Anna and shrugged. "All right, I'm sorry. It was petty, but most of us thought the worst when she proclaimed herself queen and started an 
\i eternal winter
\i0 ."\
"Whatever," Anna muttered. "So there's something weird here. Good. We're getting somewhere."\
"Barely." Alek stooped down at Alvard's desk and tried to slide open the drawer, only for it to remain closed. Subsequent tries led to the same result, the drawer rattling again and again.\
"Maybe you should find a key," Anna suggested.\
"No need. I came prepared." Alek reached into his coat and withdrew a piece of wire, and to Anna's amazement, he jammed it into the keyhole, wriggled it around for a second, and before she knew it, Alek had slid the drawer open.\
Anna bent down, shaking her head as Alek threw the wire away. "Kleptomaniac much? Who carries around wire for this exact reason? And why didn't you do that for the lock outside?"\
"I can't really bust a drawer open with a sword, the lock isn't an attachment," Alek said.\
"\'85That's the opposite of what I asked."\
"I forgot I had the wire," Alek admitted, reaching in the drawer to retrieve a small leather-bound booklet. He handed it off to Anna. "Alvard kept records. We'll see if there's anything out of the ordinary here."\
Anna riffled through the pages, filled with cramped writing. She skipped ahead to the end and skimmed through it. "He wrote that he talked to Hans the day before his\'85 assassination attempt. And there's some pretty rude stuff about me, but whatever."\
"It would make sense if Hans were involved," Alek said.\
Anna snapped the book shut. Strangely, when she tried to hand the journal to Alek, he refused to take it and backed away like the thing was on fire. "I don't think Hans did anything," Anna said.\
"I wouldn't put it past him," Alek said. "But at the same time, this is just way too obvious\'85"\
Anna crossed her arms. "Why do all of you say that about Hans? No, really. What has he done that makes you all automatically suspect him of whatever?"\
"Please. You don't know him like we do. It's in his eyes," Alek said. Anna continued staring at him, unimpressed, until Alek groaned, "Look, can we move on?"\
"Fine, but we're not done talking about this."\
"
\i Fine
\i0 ," Alek said, in a way that told Anna he was very much done. "Now then, for someone who's done so much to keep hidden, this was a pretty amateur slipup. Either this is some kind of ploy to make us suspect the wrong person, or Hans is playing a double bluff. Honestly, I'm going to just suspect everyone for now."\
Anna made a noncommittal hum in the back of her throat, ignoring Alek in favor of perusing the booklet in greater detail. It felt sort of sacrilege to rummage through a dead man's things and peek into his private writings, but no doubt Alek had the same thought because he refused to look into the journal. No doubt it hurt to be reminded of his brother. Anna still had no idea what to think about Alvard, torn between Alek's obviously high esteem for him and the all-too-real assassination. But if he had been under the influence of magic\'85\
"What do you think really happened?" Anna asked.\
"\'85Of course I want to believe that Alvard wasn't in his right mind, but\'97" Alek swallowed and then nodded his head at the swords, at the booklet in her hand. "What does any of this prove?"\
"Maybe you should look in this," Anna said. She waved the booklet around, not sure if it was comedic or sad how Alek seemed to flinch. No. Never comedic. It was actual fear in Alek's eyes, fear that they might have been wrong and that Alvard had done everything of his own volition after all.\
"I'm sure you can read just as well as I can," Alek said.\
"Probably better, but problem is, you know Alvard better than me." Anna thrust the journal at Alek one more time. "I'm missing something here, I just know it. Come on. We came all this way."\
Maybe a part of him had wanted to read his brother's writing, to be reminded of the brother that had taught him so much. After Alek managed to take the journal, his hands shaking, he spared no time in cracking it open. Anna sat in silence as he read, and she made no sound at all for the hour it took. She had gone straight to the end. Alek started from the beginning. It was so subtle that Anna barely noticed, but there was something less defensive Alek's stance now, a tension that slowly drained out.\
At long last, Alek snapped the book shut.\
"You're right. Something is wrong here," Alek said.\
Before Anna could ask anything, she was interrupted by the sound of footsteps pounding so hard against the floor she could feel vibrations. Alek immediately pocketed the journal. Anna looked out the door and saw Edmund, no doubt having dashed his way up the hallway, and he skidded to a stop before powering through the door to join them, huffing and puffing from the run. When he arrived, he doubled over to breathe. Anna and Alek just stared at him as he recovered, until Edmund finally straightened.\
"Saul wants us all to meet," Edmund said, pointing back with his thumbs. "Sorry, I have no idea what this is about."\
"Only a few hours have passed and he has some edict for us?" Alek raised an eyebrow. "Look at him waving his new authority around."\
"I thought you liked Saul," Anna said. "I mean, you 
\i did
\i0  take me to him that time I was hurt. Unless you think that he might be the\'97"\
Alek cut her off with a sharp glance, eyes darting to the still-winded Edmund who seemed none the wiser about his scrutiny. Anna realized that Edmund still had no idea about the Sorcerer. It was only Elsa, Saul, Alek, and herself who knew\'85\
"No clue," Alek said. "But you didn't see him before. Something is off about him."\
"Vibes," Edmund offered. "We should go, though. Keeping him waiting seems like a bad idea." Edmund turned and left again at the same pace as he came, and before long he was out of sight.\
Anna turned back to Alek. "You cannot be serious. You're even going to suspect Edmund?"\
"How can you know otherwise? Everyone's a suspect, even Edmund," Alek said. When Anna rolled her eyes, Alek made a sound in the back of his throat that was suspiciously like a snarl. "You're too trusting, Anna. It could be 
\i me
\i0 , for all you know. Here we are, all alone, I could have pushed you off the towers before or stabbed you here\'97"\
"And I thought Elsa was paranoid. I'm not going to suspect everyone, and especially not people who have been nothing but nice to me," Anna said. She ignored Alek's groan and bounded out the room in two quick strides. Only when she was out did she look back. "Come on, we're gonna be late!"\
"You're killing me," Alek said.\
"If you don't hurry up!"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 21: Two Fronts
\b0 \
It was her first time standing in the court, excluding the brief minute when she had burst in on Elsa about to kill Andersen for spreading rumors about her. Anna had no idea where to stand. Saul had made himself comfortable on Elsa's throne, face blank but radiating quiet satisfaction nonetheless. It made Anna's skin crawl. Even worse was when she noticed how his fingers unconsciously caressed the arms of the throne and Anna privately thought that she didn't need vibes to tell something was off with him. The other ten princes were lined numerically in two rows on opposite ends of the room, leaving Anna to stand awkwardly in the center.\
"You are the guest of honor," Saul said, and he gestured to his right. "You may stand here, Anna."\
"Oh. Umm, thanks." Anna would have preferred to stay on the lower level, but even she knew when a request was really an order. She walked up the steps of the dais to her spot but put as much distance as possible from Saul without looking deliberate. From where she was, she could see all the princes clearly. Some of them looked more upset than others. Nobody really looked that happy, except for Reid.\
And strangely enough, Hans.\
"Saul. What do you have to say?" Stefan asked, his voice the blandest monotone, but Anna was glad for the directness. Everything about him screamed disinterest: his eyes were half-lidded, his expression was neutral, and every now and then he would curl a lock of his red hair around his fingers.\
"I would like to take this chance to remind you all that, despite the fortunate circumstances of our birth, ability and drive is still a thing to be admired." Saul cast a sweeping gaze over the room, and Anna noticed that Edmund flinched. "Perhaps some of us have forgotten that lesson in favor of lethargy."\
"Nicely done, Eight," Fabian muttered. "If by ability you mean being good on your knees, you are certainly the best. I envy your skill in pleasing the witch."\
"Making excuses for being pathetic," Reid snorted.\
Anna wasn't one to judge by appearances, but Reid looked very much like a rat, and a mean, starved one at that. It was his demeanor, however, that she disliked. The first time they crossed paths Reid had spat in her direction and said something derogatory, though not very clever. Between Reid and Fabian, who always made lewd jokes about her, Anna wasn't sure who to root for. Hopefully they would fight.\
"Big words coming from you," Fabian said. "Tell me, why exactly does Saul keep you around\'97"\
"I prefer listening to music and not this crass bundle of innuendo. Let's try to at least pretend to be civilized," Rafael said. Without sparing a glance at the others he continued picking at his fingernails, though the tiny curl at the edge of his lips was obvious.\
Fabian bristled. "Mind your elders, 
\i Seven
\i0 ."\
"You should act it, then," Rafael replied, making a show of flicking his fingers in the older brother's direction. Only when Cyrus tugged at his arm did Fabian subside. "It's like the moment Elsa is gone, you all feel free to act like wild animals."\
"Make this quick, Saul," Stefan said again.\
Saul nodded. "As you wish. I refer to one person in this room who has neglected his duty, and such neglect cannot go unpunished. Do you have anything to say for yourself, Alek?"\
Up until then, Alek had been staring off into space looking unduly bored by the proceedings \'97 Anna suspected the straightforward blond had little patience for this sort of wordplay \'97 but at the mention of his name, his eyes narrowed. Stepping forward with his head held high, Alek asked, "What exactly have I been neglecting?"\
"You are the Captain of the Guard," Saul said. "Why, then, have all these incidents been happening? First Alvard, and then Tobias. What explanation do you have?"\
"That's a little unfair\'97" Anna began, but Alek cut her off.\
"I have no explanation. You know as well as I do what happened."\
"You admit to negligence, then," Saul sighed, and Anna looked to him in utter disbelief. Elsa had told him exactly what happened, that they had died because of the Sorcerer. Saul only shook his head like he knew nothing about it. "I confess that I am disappointed."\
"Me too," Alek said, looking straight at Saul.\
"Nobody knows what happened to Tobias," Rafael said.\
"Exactly. How strange is it that the death of one of our brothers should have no explanation? It is unacceptable. If he were still alive, Alvard would never have allowed such a thing," Saul said, and if Anna had been angry before, now she wanted to slap him. Saul had to have known how much that would hurt, and as expected, Alek looked ready to attack him.\
"I don't know, Alek, I don't feel too safe," Reid snorted.\
"Keep your dog in line," Alek snarled, not sparing Reid a second glance and ignoring his retort in favor of taking a step towards Saul. Edmund rushed forward to hold him back, but Alek easily shrugged him off. "Do what you want, but at least leave me my dignity."\
Saul bowed his head. "It's for the best, Alek. It is with regret that I announce, from today on, you are stripped of your position as Captain. Your replacement will be," Saul said, pausing for a moment, the tiniest of smiles replacing his show of regret, "Hans."\
Everyone, Anna included, looked to Hans standing in the back quietly and unassumingly, but he seemed completely at ease. At the news, Hans took off his gloves and strode forward, bending to one knee as though he had known this would happen and rehearsed. "It is my honor to serve."\
"\'85Really?" Stefan asked.\
"I assure you that my choice was made after careful consideration," Saul said. "I'm sure our youngest will bring some badly-needed new direction."\
Hans rose to his feet and turned, sending a victorious glance at his brothers. Anna noticed that he had avoided her eyes. When he stood, he had looked anywhere but at her. "I have the utmost confidence," Hans said. "I'm more than up to the task."\
"And if you are not?" Cyrus said, backed by similar words from several of the brothers, Rafael still politely cutting and Fabian easily the loudest \'97 Thirteen was useless, he said, Nine was much better. Surprisingly, Reid said nothing. Instead, he just stood there, staring at Saul with his mouth hanging slightly open and hands clenching into fists. Saul paid him no mind.\
"That's enough," Saul said, waving his hand. "Everyone starts out somewhere. I have one more announcement to make."\
"You will not be exiling any of us, I presume?" Gustaf chuckled, but it was obvious the uneasy atmosphere his words birthed. Especially for Edmund. Everyone stood as tense as if they were on a battlefield, but Edmund paled so badly that his skin looked bone-white against the black of his hair.\
"I would not dream of it. However, I worry for Anna," Saul said. Anna nearly jumped, already tense and shocked by her sudden inclusion. "You are here because of Elsa. I cannot let anything happen to you."\
Anna forced herself to stop chewing on her lip and bit out a nervous laugh. "I think I'll be fine. Besides, you said just now that Hans is going to be making some changes, keeping things safe around here\'85"\
Saul smiled. "But accidents happen."\
"Maybe you ought to give Alek his position back, then," Cyrus pointed out.\
"Save it," Alek growled, but as far as Anna could tell, Cyrus had been serious.\
Saul cleared his throat. "As I was saying, Anna, your safety is of paramount importance. As such, I've arranged that you stay in your quarters, and anything you need will be delivered to you."\
"Wait. What do you mean, stay in my quarters?" Anna asked slowly, running the words over in her head. With each successive repeat it became clearer and clearer what he really meant, especially when compared to how Elsa had allowed her complete freedom. "Are you trying to say that\'97"\
"Anyone who wishes to see you will be approved by me. And there will be no longer be a need for you to traverse the rest of the castle," Saul finished. "In fact, I would strongly discourage any unnecessary movement and visiting any old places, doing needless things. Do you understand?"\
"You're locking me up!" Anna exclaimed. And it sounded very much like Saul knew what she had been up to just before this meeting. Just what was going on?\
"I only wish the best for you," Saul said.\
"Oh, you are so full of\'97"\
"Anna!" Edmund shouted, and his voice was so shaken, so uncharacteristically frightened that Anna paused to look back. Trembling and looking deathly terrified, Edmund said, "I-I'm sure that Saul means well. Just\'85go along with it."\
Anna was too stunned to say anything. She was torn between yelling at Edmund for his betrayal and screaming at Saul for 
\i locking her up
\i0 , but in the end she could say nothing at all. It felt as though her throat had locked up from the force of her rage.\
"I believe that settles the matter," Saul said, and he rose. Anna was sure there should be some sort of formality for the rest of them, but nobody made a move and Saul apparently expected nothing more, as he only added, "Dismissed," and then left out a side-door.\
Anna stood there as the rest of the princes scattered. Hans gave her a fleeting look, finally 
\i deigned 
\i0 to make eye contact, but Anna paid him no mind and he left without a word. She missed Elsa. She missed Elsa so badly. If Elsa were here, none of this would have happened. And if Elsa were here, Anna would have yelled at her too. Why had she given control over to Saul? What a horrible mistake.\
"H-Hey, Anna."\
Her head snapped up at the sound of Edmund's voice. Anna nearly saw red at the sight of the boy edging towards her, and this time she managed to shout, "What is wrong with you? Why would you go along with \'97 I thought we were friends!"\
"I know, I know, but hear me out," Edmund pleaded.\
"I defended you, I said that I trusted you and then you pull this\'97"\
"I was scared! All right? Saul just went nuts, and you heard what Gustaf said, Saul could exile us if he really wanted to, and you remember what I said that means?" Edmund took a deep breath. "I'm sorry."\
Anna swallowed her anger, just now noticing that Alek had stayed behind as well and was walking towards them. "You might have actually made the situation worse for yourself if you said any more," Alek said. "Edmund did the right thing stopping you."\
"Fine," Anna said.\
"I really am sorry," Edmund said again.\
"No, I get it." Anna sat down, not having the strength to stay standing. Right now, all she wanted was to flop down, close her eyes, and never get up again. "Three days. This is all going to be over in three days. When Elsa comes back, Saul is going to get it."\
"I doubt it," Alek said. "It's restrictive, but you 
\i are 
\i0 safer if you don't wander around like usual. Elsa will probably end up agreeing with him as long as he spins it right. Saul is a tricky one."\
"What about you?" Anna asked. "How are you doing?"\
"You've been Captain of the Guard for so long, Hans is just\'85" Edmund grimaced when Anna shot him a glare. "Come on, I'm not saying he could never do it, but definitely not better than Alek."\
"Saul is trying to stop me from investigating. I don't have any manpower now even if we find anything," Alek muttered. "And I definitely have less excuse to be searching around."\
Edmund tilted his head. "Wait, what are you investigating\'97"\
"Is Saul the Sorcerer?" Anna gasped.\
"
\i What
\i0 ?"\
"I was trying to be discreet about it," Alek groaned, but Edmund was already looking from Anna to him and back waiting for an explanation. "Whatever, I just \'97 I don't even care anymore."\
"We think Alvard and Tobias were actually manipulated by some Sorcerer," Anna explained. Edmund listened mutely as she recounted the theory, how Alvard had been under control when he tried to kill Elsa, how Tobias had been cursed and died before he could say who it was he conspired with. Slowly, Edmund's eyes widened, but not once did he make a sound. Even when Anna finished, Edmund only stared vacantly as though the information was too much to handle. It might really have been.\
"I'm sure one of us is the culprit," Alek added.\
Edmund snapped out of his trance. "No way." Swallowing, Edmund licked his lips and repeated, "There's just no way. We're brothers."\
"Brothers? I would very happily break Saul's legs right now free of charge," Alek said. For the life of her, Anna couldn't find it in herself to disagree with the violence. She thought she might join in. "Though if it ends up that Saul is the Sorcerer, I guess I wouldn't be able to. What about Hans? Just now Saul gave him my spot. Seems convenient."\
"I'm telling you, Hans is innocent," Anna said.\
Alek groaned. "How do you know?"\
"Vibes," Anna said. But to her surprise, Edmund didn't laugh at all. Instead, he put on a strained smile and looked away while Anna continued, "I'm serious, I think we can trust Hans. I just know."\
"Vibes aren't reliable\'97" Alek began.\
Edmund shot to his feet so abruptly that Anna jerked back on instinct. Looking to her and then Alek with a feverish energy surpassing even his usual enthusiasm, Edmund blurted out, "I think \'97 I need to go." And before Anna could say anything, he had sprinted away as though hell were at his heels.\
"Do you think he's all right?" Anna asked.\
"Oh, I'm sure he'll be fine," Alek said, but he spoke offhandedly and stared at the path Edmund had taken with far too much interest. "Will 
\i you
\i0  be fine? I should probably go too."\
"
\i Perfect
\i0 ," Anna said, more than a little put off by being given the cold shoulder. "And if you'll excuse me, I think I need to get back to my cell."\
And if the guards \'97 
\i escorts 
\i0 \'97 coming through the doors were any indication, she was right.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "I would prefer there to be no casualties, or if necessary, the bare minimum."\
Elsa allowed a moment for her order to sink in, and she watched as Oliver scratched the back of his neck like she had spoken in a foreign language. As the rotund man continued to blink wordlessly, Elsa redirected her gaze to the map spread across the wide table aboard her ship. Weselton lay at the end of a narrow inlet separating the larger landmass in two, the entire city walled and gated. But the city itself spanned both sides of the river. Homes had spread across to the other end, and so even the stretch of river that led to its docks was enclosed with a gate.\
"It 
\i would
\i0  have been my suggestion to use that gate as an avenue, but going that way would be too\'85flashy," Oliver said slowly. "In that case, casualty is almost guaranteed."\
"Stealth seems to be the only viable option," Elsa agreed.\
"So that's why\'85" Oliver muttered, but Elsa doubted he had meant for her to hear.\
It had been a great surprise to everyone when, rather than use her usual full-force tactics, Elsa had chosen to quietly isolate the small port town on the edge of the inlet. Once, she would have announced herself and then crushed any opposition to serve as an example. Instead, this time she simply built a dome of ice around the entire town in the dead of night, effectively cutting them off from Weselton. No one would be leaving to warn the larger kingdom what was to come.\
"Do you have any other suggestions?" Elsa asked.\
"Your Majesty, I hesitate to ask, but\'85" Oliver took a deep breath, shoulders hunching, and Elsa waited for him once again. It was a good five seconds before he asked, "Why all this? Before\'85"\
"I have never treasured life and I never will," Elsa said. Though Oliver looked stricken by her answer, Elsa truly felt that way. It was just like Markus said. People were selfish and cruel and rejected what they didn't understand, sought to destroy what they couldn't control. Elsa knew that better than anyone, but\'85 "But I made a promise and I intend to keep it."\
Anna was the exception, not the standard, and Elsa would feel nothing killing her way through the city if not for the fact she knew it would disappoint Anna.\
"I-I see," Oliver said.\
But then, even if Anna was a fluke, flukes could happen twice. What if among those she would have unwittingly killed was someone like Anna? What if she had 
\i already 
\i0 killed someone like Anna? Even Anna herself had come close to death that day in Arendelle. If she had tried to resist, or if she had just been caught in the crossfire of the battle\'85\
"I find myself more and more confused these days," Elsa confessed.\
"I may be overstepping myself again, Your Majesty, but with all due respect, broadening one's views is never a mistake," Oliver said, fiddling with the edge of the map and scanning every region of it in a desperate attempt to avoid Elsa's eyes. "Even confusion is sign of a widening scope."\
"Sound advice," Elsa said. Oliver might have smiled, but he bowed his head further and if he did, it was lost on Elsa. By the time she sat down next to him, Oliver was back to business.\
"I have a plan. Since Weselton will have no warning\'85"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It had only been a day since her imprisonment began, and Anna was ready to bust the door down if need be.\
Maybe she was too used to the freedom Elsa granted her, but being locked in a room almost made her claustrophobic. Not even 
\i her 
\i0 room, though by that she really meant Elsa's room. Instead, she was moved to some isolated wing of the castle she had once passed by and found completely deserted. The door had only been opened once in the evening, when a meal had been delivered to her by perfectly polite servants who nevertheless knew how powerless she was and answered none of her questions. After that she was left on her own, and so for more than twelve hours the only voice Anna heard was her own screaming at Saul. Once she exhausted herself, she fell asleep still mumbling insults.\
Anna woke up feeling the least rested she had in months.\
She could not do this anymore. If she had to stay in that room any longer, she would go insane. Not knowing how the investigation was going on Alek's end, being in the dark about any news from Elsa, all of it gnawed at her mind until Anna decided that when the door opened for her breakfast delivery, she would make her escape. Before long, she heard the customary knock, though maybe a bit more forceful than usual. Situating herself at the edge of the doorway, Anna waited for her chance.\
The instant the door opened, Anna swung it wide open. The servant boy still barely held on to the doorknob, stumbling but staying on his feet; Anna shoved the boy down entirely before sprinting down the hallway, yelling at the top of her lungs, "I did it, I got him!"\
She knew she would be pursued so Anna ran without even thinking about where she was going, delighted by the freedom and the 
\i space 
\i0 to actually be able to run. Was that maybe a bit too easy? Oh well. It was too bad she was unfamiliar with this part of the castle, because as the twists and turns became more and more complex, she began to lose track. Eventually, her steps slowed out of necessity. Anna took deep breaths to recover and looked around in the meantime.\
"Hey, the kitchens," Anna said aloud.\
She walked closer, intent on breakfast since she 
\i had 
\i0 skipped it, but before she could even reach for the handle, the door swung open by itself. When it opened, she wasn't greeted by cooks or servants as she had expected but Reid, looking drunk out of his mind; Anna could smell the alcohol on his breath even standing two feet away, but more alarming was the fury on his face. On reflex, Anna took a step back.\
"Oh. Hey," Anna said carefully. Her eyes flit about the room for something she could use if things turned ugly. Judging by the murderous vibes Reid emitted, she may as well think 
\i when 
\i0 and not if.\
"What are you doing out of your cage?" Reid asked.\
"Excuse me? I can go where I want," Anna said, but she inwardly winced the moment the words left her mouth. She needed to work on her temper.\
Reid sneered, brow furrowing so that crow's feet rimmed his bloodshot eyes. "You don't seem to understand the situation you're in right now."\
Before Anna could react, Reid reached out to grab her by the arm. His hand shot forward with a dexterity that betrayed none of his drunkenness, and Anna could only brace herself. What she was 
\i not 
\i0 expecting was for Reid to jerk back the instant his skin made contact with the fabric of her dress, hissing under his breath and clutching his hand to his chest.\
Not fabric, Anna realized. She was still wearing the ice-dress Elsa had made.\
"Stupid wench," Reid growled, but now he eyed her with the angry wariness of a wounded animal. "You think that dress is going to protect you forever?"\
"Look, I've never done anything to you\'97"\
"Like hell," Reid said. "Just your being here makes me sick. This is 
\i our 
\i0 kingdom, 
\i our 
\i0 throne. Bad enough that we have to let that peasant bitch play at being queen, but now we have to deal with you too?"\
Anna saw red. Forgoing the common sense telling her to just leave while she could, she threw herself at the insufferable, foul-mouthed man in front of her. Reid knew better than to touch her dress this time. Anna found herself stopped as easily as a leaf in the wind, her chin caught in his grasp, and then she was dragged further into the kitchen. Just as the pain kicked in, her more rational side returned.\
And with it, fear.\
"Let's have a drink," Reid said, pushing Anna down to a seat at the table where he had likely sat. Anna flailed against his hold, scattering bottles of wine, but when that proved useless she scrabbled at the hand gripping her chin like a vice. She scratched hard enough to draw blood, but Reid just laughed and picked up a glass, thrusting it into her face so roughly the rim cut into her chin. Faster and faster, Reid forced the wine into her open mouth.\
Only seconds passed before Anna began spluttering. She was released when the glass emptied, but she broke into violent coughs as the alcohol burned its way down her throat. It wasn't a long respite. She was grabbed again, another glass brought to her mouth and alcohol forced past her lips, overflowing until it spilled onto her face, her dress. All the while, Reid laughed hysterically. Anna couldn't breathe. More and more alcohol, but it was the lack of air that made her vision blur, her eyes roll backwards, and as the wine started to burn in her nose and eyes she thought she might drown right there\'97\
Until she was torn away to sweet reprieve.\
Air rushed into her lungs so powerfully she doubled over, but Anna could tell someone was holding her. Even while coughing so powerfully her knees shook and her legs trembled, she could tell, especially when that person steadied her so she never fell. Blearily, Anna pushed away her wet hair to see Hans glaring at Reid, who was sprawled across the table and bleeding from the mouth. Hans gently leaned Anna against the wall, and then straightened.\
"Walk away now and Saul doesn't need to know about this," Hans said.\
Reid slowly drew himself up. "Look at Hans all grown up\'97"\
Hans snarled. Before Reid could recover, Hans grabbed the older brother by the back of his head and smashed his face into the table. A loud crack and a muffled scream echoed through the kitchen. Hans dragged Reid by his hair to the door before bodily flinging him out and slamming the door.\
"Th-Thanks," Anna said. It was all she could manage for now.\
Hans shook his head and led her to a seat, then went to rummage around the kitchen before returning with a towel. Numbly, Anna dried out her hair as best she could. Hans put his coat around her shoulders and stoked the flames so it was a little warmer, and as Anna curled into the jacket, slowly she calmed. Nothing had happened. It could have been worse, but Hans had been there and everything was okay. She just really, 
\i really 
\i0 needed to learn to control her temper.\
"Are you hurt?" Hans asked.\
"I-I'm fine," Anna said. It was obvious that she was not. A bruise was forming on her face already, fingerprints marring her jaw with mottled yellow. But maybe it was lingering adrenaline, because she barely felt affected by the alcohol. It would probably kick in later, but for now she felt clearheaded and alert, practically strengthened.\
To Anna's surprise, Hans frowned. "There's something I hope you can promise me," Hans said. "From now on, never lie to me. Not even to be polite. It doesn't suit you, Anna. You're the type of person who tells someone what they need to hear and not what they want to hear."\
"Then can you promise to never lie to me either?" Anna asked.\
"You're shrewder than you let on," Hans said. "Let me ask again, then. Are you hurt?"\
"Probably," Anna said, smiling despite herself when Hans hid a snort as a polite cough. "I'll feel it more a little later but right now, I'm fine. So, your answer?"\
Hans smiled, more of a tiny uplift at the corner of his lips than a smile, but it was close enough. "If I promise you, then will you promise me too?" Anna nodded, and a moment later, Hans nodded his head too. "All right. I promise."\
"Why?" Anna asked.\
"No particular reason. I ought to," Hans said.\
"Then what if there are some things I just don't want to talk about?" Anna asked again. Her more rational side, a side that sounded suspiciously like Elsa and Alek, was telling her that Hans couldn't be trusted. For all she knew, this arrangement to be truthful was just to get information out of her. But\'85she trusted Hans anyway. And it wasn't because he had just saved her. She just 
\i knew
\i0 .\
"You can directly tell me that you don't want to talk about it," Hans answered.\
"All right," Anna said. "How about we ask each other questions?"\
Slowly, Hans nodded. Anna waved a hand for him to begin and he asked, "Why Elsa?"\
"O-Oh." Anna tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear, struggling to contain her nervousness but laughing a little anyway. "I told you already. Don't you remember? It just\'97"\
"It just has to be. I remember," Hans said. But he wasn't looking at her when he answered. Instead, his eyes were staring unfocused at something Anna knew he wouldn't share. "It's your turn."\
"There 
\i is 
\i0 something that I want to ask, but you don't have to answer," Anna said. Ignoring Hans' questioning gaze, she took his hand and laid his fingers flat. Then on his exposed palm she wrote six letters.\
T-H-R-O-N-E.\
Anna drew back and watched as Hans slowly curled his fingers. "Do you want it?" Anna asked. She had expected Hans to choose not to answer, though even that would have been an answer in itself. Or maybe he would stall. Maybe he would still lie.\
Instead Hans answered immediately, "Yes. More than anything."\
"Why did you answer?" Anna asked. "If I told anyone, you know what would happen. If I told Elsa, you know what she would do."\
"I know you won't tell anyone," Hans said, smiling softly and completely at ease. There wasn't so much as a hint of tension anywhere in his posture or his face, not like the last time they had spoken. "And I didn't want to miss this chance. I haven't been able to speak freely to anyone for years. Only you."\
"Y-You remember what I said last time, I'm sorry\'97"\
"I know. It just has to be Elsa, I know I don't have a chance," Hans laughed. "But I still want to just talk. Nothing wrong with that. No ulterior motives, I swear."\
"Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely okay. More than okay," Anna said. "Thanks again for helping. How did you find me?"\
"Alek and I went to Saul at the same time asking to see you," Hans said. "When we got to your room, we found out you had run, and then we split up looking for you. I was just luckier."\
"Good thing you did," Anna said. She held back a shudder at the thought of what might have happened if Hans hadn't shown up.\
"There was something else I wanted to ask. I heard you were looking into Alvard\'97"\
"Anna! Where are you? Anna!"\
At the call of her name, Anna looked to the closed door. She recognized that voice. Bounding up from her seat, she went to open the door and saw Alek pacing around not far outside, and at the sight of her he sighed with relief. Jogging over, Alek opened his mouth to say something before noticing Hans and promptly shutting his mouth again.\
"I take my leave," Hans said. Giving Alek a nod, he pushed past and strode away.\
"Is everything all right?" Alek asked.\
"Yeah, but it's a good thing Hans was around," Anna said. "So what were you going to say?"\
Alek turned his head, but Hans was out of sight. When he spun back around, Anna was shocked to see the wild excitement in his eyes shining feverishly bright.\
"I have a lead."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 22: (Ab)normal Days
\b0 \
"Did you say you have a lead?"\
Anna bit her lip and fought back the urge to tap her foot as Alek withdrew Alvard's journal from his coat. It was obvious he must have spent long hours meticulously searching through its contents, familiar enough as he was to flip it open to the exact page and hand it to her. She read through it quickly. October 7th and some description about the mundane morning, followed by a recount of a very ordinary patrol out in the castle town, all scribed in the same cramped cursive handwriting.\
"I don't see anything special about this," Anna said.\
"Look at the handwriting," Alek urged.\
Anna eyed it closely, but everything on that page was uniform. She even flipped to the next page to compare, but the handwriting was exactly the same. She looked back up at Alek. "Still a bit lost. You want to just tell me?"\
"It's forged," Alek said, and when Anna looked at him skeptically he leaned over to point at the individual letters. "It does look like Alvard wrote it, I almost missed it too. You're right that the handwriting is the exactly like his, but just a bit 
\i too 
\i0 exact. Look at the t's on the other pages."\
Bemused, Anna did as he said. Now that she knew what to look for, she noticed that, very, very rarely, Alvard would switch the way he crossed his t. Most the time it was a standard bar, but now and then he would write it with both ends curved. Anna flipped back to October 7th. All the t's were standard bars.\
"Alvard never stuck to one way," Alek said. "Whoever was imitating him forgot to copy his flaws."\
"But it could be a coincidence," Anna said.\
"One thing might be a coincidence, but two and it's not just a coincidence anymore." Alek flipped the page, and then another, but he kept his thumb in between so that the backs were exposed. "Look, the pressure is different."\
Alek was right. On the second page, the pen had gone further into the paper, so much so that the shape of each letter made indents. On the first\'85\
"It's so much lighter," Anna gasped. It had been subtle before, but now it looked more and more as though the words had simply appeared on the page rather than been written. Looking at the page from the back, there were only the tiniest of marks to show there was anything on the front at all.\
"I'm guessing this page was replaced with magic," Alek said.\
"Something must have happened this day!" Anna rolled from the soles of her feet to her toes, back and forth, trying to think. "I wasn't here yet, right? Still a few days before then. Maybe we should ask around and see what the others know. What about Edmund\'97"\
"We're not asking Edmund anything," Alek said sharply.\
Anna paused. "But we told him everything. I thought you wanted him to help\'97"\
"I just wanted to see his reaction," Alek sighed. "Don't you think he was acting funny?"\
"You\'85don't think\'85Edmund\'85?"\
Anna didn't want to believe it, but she didn't even know what this 
\i it 
\i0 was that she was so afraid of being true. But now that Alek mentioned it, the more she wondered. Edmund hadjust run off after Anna told him about the Sorcerer. And he had been uncharacteristically frightened, quieter than he ever was, and not very much like the Edmund she knew at all. But it was still 
\i Edmund
\i0 \'85\
"I don't know anything for sure. I tried following him afterwards, but I lost him after a while. Just vanished, like a ghost," Alek said. When Anna said nothing, Alek rubbed his eyes, the scowl on his face deepening just a hint. "I'm not accusing him. Just\'85we should be careful."\
"A-All right," Anna said. "We'll just look for the Sorcerer. Without guessing who he is just yet. After we find him, then we'll know. Right?"\
Slowly, Alek nodded. "Yeah. That sounds fine. We can do that."\
"Are you\'85all right?" Anna asked.\
"Fine," Alek said again. Just as Anna debated whether or not to push, he thumbed a strand of her wet hair and frowned. "We should get you cleaned up. Forget me, 
\i you 
\i0 don't seem all right."\
"Y-Yeah." Actually, her head was beginning to spin, until the room moved about of its own volition. Now that the excitement was wearing off \'97 replaced by the dull dread sinking to the base of her stomach like a hot ball of lead burning through her innards \'97 the alcohol was kicking in. Anna shook her head. "I'll be fine in a little bit. Just\'85give me a minute. Please."\
Alek escorted her to her room, the both of them silent the entire way.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Saul wondered about the exact nature of what stood before him. Shadows, but at the same time they defied all laws of physics and acted nothing like shadows. They oscillated in a continuous wax and wane but somehow still had physical form, free yet constrained, and Saul's mind went into overdrive trying to determine how it was even possible. From the base of the spiraling staircase, Saul looked up to see the Sorcerer, the shadows that made up his cloak never static.\
He couldn't help but compare the impossibility of it to the equally unbelievable feats he had witnessed from Elsa and the power of her ice. After all, this very staircase he stood on was crafted by her magic, perfect and eternal. How could such a thin layer of ice have the force to withstand so much weight? How could she breathe life to her thoughts with such ease?\
But maybe another time.\
"You wanted to see me?" Saul asked, trying to take the steps and finding his path impeded by the staircase itself. It would not admit him. Every time he moved up one, the entire staircase would shift itself down. The step he stood on melted into the ground to be replaced by a new one forming up above in a continuous loop, and he ended up where he started. If he moved faster, the process only sped up to match him.\
Finally seeming to notice his trouble, the Sorcerer placed his hand over the railing. Like oozing slime, shadows spread over the staircase, hovering just above the ice to form a second, identical staircase. Saul tentatively set foot on the first step, half-expecting to fall through, but the shadows held. In fact, they held on to 
\i him
\i0 . Tendrils of the stuff snaked up his feet until a quarter of his leg was no longer visible, and worse, the parts of his body that the shadows covered felt like they had been detached. Swallowing his disgust, Saul slowly made his way up.\
At the top stood a wall of ice emblazoned with a snowflake insignia.\
"Why are we here?" Saul asked.\
"Do you know what lies on the other side of this door?" The Sorcerer extended a gloved hand to touch the ice, tracing the snowflake, but his hand clenched into a fist when he spat, "Besides 
\i Markus
\i0 ."\
"You call him by name?" Saul asked.\
"I already call him Father in public. When I have no need to bestow him that undeserved honor, I may as well use his name."\
"You're admitting to being one of us?" Saul had suspected, of course, but he never expected such an easy confession. All the signs were there. It was just a matter of finding out who exactly the Sorcerer was, but he was confident he would deduce his identity sooner or later. And then the tables would turn. It was a dangerous game he played, but after so long of limiting himself, this excursion into risk was as thrilling as the most powerful drug. His mind raced with possibility. Every waking moment was a glorious rush of adrenaline.\
The Sorcerer answered his question with a quiet chuckle. "I don't take you for a fool, Saul. I'm sure you already knew. There's no point in hiding it."\
"And you still killed Alvard and Tobias without a thought," Saul said.\
"You don't sound particularly sad to see them go."\
Once, Saul would have denied it. Any decent man would have denied it in a heartbeat, as easily as breathing. It would have been the proper thing to do, the 
\i right 
\i0 thing to do, to say that he grieved for his brothers. He might have even believed himself.\
"No," Saul admitted. "They were hindrances. It 
\i does 
\i0 make it difficult for me to trust you knowing that you killed the two people who conspired with you."\
"Don't say that. I would never have come this far without them; I only regret that they had to die. It was necessary." With that, the Sorcerer stepped away from the door and turned to fully face Saul, the horrible visage of his mask boring into his mind. Suddenly the image of the crucifix glowed molten, as though the paint had been set aflame. "Justice comes at a cost."\
"And how do I know I won't become a necessary sacrifice?"\
"Isn't that part of the game? But you should know that only pawns are so easily sacrificed," said the Sorcerer. "What piece do you think yourself?"\
"I know better than to think myself invaluable to you, or to trust you," Saul said. "We'll see who comes out on top in this game between us."\
"I look forward to it." Another quiet chuckle from the Sorcerer, and that was the end of it. "But we have digressed. Now then, on the other side of this door\'85"\
"Elsa's heart," Saul finished.\
"And my salvation," said the Sorcerer. It was a matter he had brought up before. For whatever reason, Elsa's reliquary was of importance to him, beyond even the power it must grant, but Saul was in the dark about why. Only another mystery to be solved. "But even if I had the power to pass through this door, I could not take the reliquary by force. Time is running short."\
"If you are so much weaker than Elsa," Saul said, "I find it difficult to rely on your word. How exactly are you going to deliver what you promised?"\
"Shrewd. But you've come this far without asking questions, so why start now?" Saul opened his mouth to object. In that instant, his muscles seized and his jaw locked against his will, so powerfully his entire head snapped upwards. Even his breath hitched in his throat, but though he desperately needed air, he couldn't move a single inch. The Sorcerer cocked his head. "You are already mine."\
A twitch of his finger, and the Sorcerer released Saul. Saul fell to one knee, but his shallow, rapid breaths came not from desperation for air but from panic. "When did you do this?" Saul hissed.\
"There's nothing to worry about. Just as you don't trust me, I cannot trust you. Our only difference is that I will have insurance. You remember Tobias?"\
Cursed. Just like Tobias. When had he done it\'85?\
But there was no point in wondering.\
"You don't need to remind me." Saul pushed himself to his feet, swallowing hard to calm himself. It was fine. It wasn't unexpected that he wouldn't be allowed free rein. All this meant was that he needed to be more careful. Make sure he was still useful. Buy himself more time. "I've done everything you asked."\
"Everything, and more. You really think I don't know about Reid attacking Anna? Make sure that doesn't happen again." Saul clenched his jaw and looked away, but the Sorcerer only sounded amused. He didn't need to see behind the mask to know the man was smiling. "I see why Elsa doesn't trust you completely. Why else would she take Oliver? Collateral, and it weakens your authority. A test, but with insurance. Wonderfully played. You could learn from her."\
It stung. After so many years Saul knew that Elsa would never trust anyone, never trust 
\i him
\i0 , but to have this final, irrefutable proof of her scorn tore open a half-knitted gash wider than it had ever been. Not even his temporary control of the throne could salve that wound.\
"You should worry for yourself," Saul said. "Desperation has made you careless. Already Alek is on your trail. And I suppose Anna, though I doubt she contributes much."\
"I was told as much; I do have ears other than you," said the Sorcerer. As he spoke his form melded into the shadows, leaving his voice to rasp as though muffled by water. "Wait for my orders."\
Saul stayed. Once any trace of the Sorcerer had vanished, he turned back to the door of ice. Anna had passed through here; Anna had been able to climb this staircase and open this door. Tentatively, Saul laid a hand over the snowflake symbol. Nothing happened. It would never admit him. Bitter disappointment erupted from his chest and he laughed and laughed, laughed as though he could laugh it all away. It only hurt more with each breath. Saul closed his eyes and laid his forehead against the ice.\
If he tried hard enough, he could pretend it was Elsa.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Everything is ready. All we need now is the signal from Your Majesty," Oliver said.\
"Thank you," Elsa said.\
Seated at the bow of her ship, one leg hanging off the edge and the other bent as a perch for her arm, Elsa looked up to the skies. Clouds hid the moon tonight, thick stormclouds that allowed neither moonlight nor starlight to pass. Fog obscured even the waters down below. It was a pity; Elsa would have liked to see the moon reflected on the river. But, she comforted herself, overall it was better for the campaign to have low visibility. Oliver had somehow calculated that the weather would be like this and planned accordingly.\
"I was only doing my duty," Oliver said. After a moment he claimed a seat next to her, knees bent and legs tucked in underneath him. "But you 
\i are
\i0  welcome. I was happy to help."\
"Do you think it foolish to do the harder thing?" Elsa asked.\
Oliver shook his head. "It's admirable. You really have changed. More than you know. I don't think you realize it, but you aren't the way you were just a few months ago."\
"And is change a good thing?"\
"It depends. Even the same change can be good or bad depending on why. Do you believe that you're changing for the right reason, Your Majesty?" Oliver asked.\
Easy for him to say.\
"\'85Just call me Elsa again."\
Elsa disembarked, taking a small leap off the bow to land on the miniature tundra she had created. All of her fleet was frozen at the beginning of the narrow river inlet leading to Weselton, and already her men had prepared themselves. Ships abandoned, sleighs and reindeer were positioned in a two-file line ready to charge at a moment's notice. Kristoff Bjorgman was hard at work, running back and forth to make sure all the unfamiliar harnesses were in place. Elsa walked towards him, curious about him being embroiled in what looked like an argument.\
"Listen, a reindeer isn't a horse. You have to do things a little differently," Kristoff said, but his words were ignored by the soldiers commandeering a sleigh. Instead, he was pushed away by the haughty men and sent careening on the slippery ice.\
Elsa braced him from behind.\
"Thanks," Kristoff said, but when he turned around and saw who it was, his face paled. "Y-Your Majesty, I'm so sorry about crashing into you\'97"\
"At ease," Elsa said. Kristoff looked no less unnerved, so Elsa tried again. "You are Anna's friend. I've heard a lot about you. I owe you thanks for taking care of her when I was unable to."\
"Oh! It wasn't a problem. I mean, Anna is a handful but I was happy to look out for her." Kristoff cleared his throat. "Not that Anna is, you know, annoying or anything, I didn't mean 
\i that
\i0 \'97"\
"
\i At ease
\i0 ," Elsa said again, but despite her wishes, her voice came out more forcefully than before and likely frightened Kristoff even more. She sighed, and then signaled to the soldiers who Kristoff had been speaking to before. "You will do everything Bjorgman suggests. Understood?"\
After bearing through a hasty, nervous salute from the soldiers, Elsa motioned for Kristoff to follow. It was obvious that he was confused, but he asked no questions. Once she had brought him to the head of the sleigh formation, where the ice ended and the river began, Elsa closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Drawing up an image in her mind, Elsa let her power flow through to her fingertips. She waved her hand, pushing and pulling the tendril of cold that released itself from her fingers into the form she wanted. It was a delicate but quick process, starting from the legs at the base and then building up to the actual cart, simultaneously creating form and carving intricate markings, adding finishes.\
It was only seconds before her sleigh was completed.\
"Wow," Kristoff breathed. Without prompting, he bent down to examine the sleigh more closely, tapping his knuckles against the surface. Elsa cleared her throat. Once Kristoff realized what he was doing, he scrambled to his feet. "S-Sorry! I was, that was just, your sleigh is just incredible so I forgot\'97"\
"It's fine that you want to be familiar with it. You'll be driving," Elsa said.\
"What?" Kristoff shook his head. "Oh no. Something like this? I'm not worthy. Seriously, this is perfect, I would just make it look bad."\
"Your reindeer is named Sven? I took the liberty of having him brought to us." Elsa turned, and just on time, the scruffy-looking reindeer was being led to them. Oliver had to fight to hold onto the reins when Sven caught sight of Kristoff and dashed the rest of the way, skidding to a stop next to him and bouncing from hind to forelegs in excitement.\
Elsa settled herself in the sleigh as Oliver handed the reins to Kristoff with relief. It took little more negotiating for Kristoff to agree, and after harnessing Sven, he claimed the seat next to her.\
"Stay here," Elsa told Oliver.\
"I'll be waiting for the good news," Oliver said.\
Elsa pushed her magic forward just as Kristoff moved the reins and Sven began to move, and with every inch they drove, the ice spread forward into the inlet. Sven pounded his way down the ice that always kept just ahead of him, freezing the river and smoothing it over into a perfect runway. Sleigh after sleigh followed, but instead of a thunderous march, any sound was muffled by the ice. They surged up the frozen river in a soundless wave, like ghosts on the wind, and Weselton was none the wiser.\
Very soon, she could return to Anna.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Even after a hot shower and several doses of something Alek called a remedy but tasted like metal, Anna felt dizzy. At least her face and hair had been cleaned of wine so she didn't reek of alcohol, but her steps had been so unsteady that Alek prepared to leave without her. It took her grabbing onto him and threatening to vomit over his pristinely polished shoes before Alek grudgingly sat down and waited for the two hours it took Anna to recover.\
"You don't really seem the type to be so vain," Anna remarked, glancing Alek over from his rolled-up sleeves and sloppy tie to the strangely fashionable boots.\
"Shut it," Alek growled.\
Anna threw her hands up in surrender. "All right! So where are we going? Since you're paranoid and we can't ask anyone anything."\
"We have a date to look into, so we should figure out what happened that day. Like I said, Alvard was traditional. Even if he hated her, he would turn in daily reports to Elsa."\
"We're going to her office?" Anna asked.\
"There's a reason I waited for you. Other than the shoes," Alek said, clearing his throat quickly when Anna muffled a laugh behind her hand. "It's sealed so that none of us can get in, but you\'85"\
"I can get in just fine," Anna finished. It was true she could always bypass Elsa's defenses for whatever reason. Of course, she joked with Elsa that maybe she just liked her enough. Maybe that 
\i was 
\i0 it; Anna couldn't be sure that wasn't really the reason. How it became common knowledge was a mystery.\
With Alek as a guide, the route through unfamiliar territory was easier than her previous attempt at escape, and it took only a few minutes before they arrived. As Alek said, Elsa had sealed her office behind a layer of ice that spanned not only the door but three meters of the wall. Touching it would likely be deadly. It was cold enough that it bled off faint wisps of smoke.\
Alek shifted and hugged his arms close to his chest, rubbing up and down for warmth. "Now that we're here, I'm not sure you should really\'97"\
Anna extended a hand and pressed on the ice. She barely felt anything. One moment the barrier was there, then the ice began to shrink and the next moment, it had vanished and left behind a perfectly normal door. Ignoring Alek, she twisted the doorknob and walked in as easily as she would any other door on any other day. Three steps in, she looked back and grinned at the rare sight of Alek speechless.\
"I don't know where to look," Anna said, and Alek snapped out of his stupor to finally stride into the office, trying much too hard to avoid eye contact.\
As Alek fiddled, Anna took a look around. It felt like forever since she had last been in here, but she was glad that, contrary to her expectation, Saul had not commandeered the office. It would have felt 
\i wrong 
\i0 for him to be here, and not just because of his sudden bizarre behavior. Anna began to tiptoe to the sofa before remembering that this time she didn't need to worry about disrupting Elsa \'97 though she generally would somehow anyway, sooner or later. Anna smiled at the thought and took her usual seat. Then she looked down and noticed the edge of a folder tucked underneath the white leather.\
"What is this?" Anna mumbled. It was unlike Elsa to be messy. Was it her fault then? Probably. Anna carefully withdrew the file and thumbed through the papers. Disappearances in the town? All the pages were about various missing persons\'85\
"Hey, I found it," Alek called. Anna looked over to see him bent over a cabinet, one Elsa had said admittedly contained nothing of worth. Alek pulled out a report written on some sort of official-looking paper and scanned it, eyebrows furrowing with time.\
"What?" Anna said eventually, when Alek remained silent.\
"It just says a patrol out in the castle town, and it lists the outer sector instead of a specific district. Something about unusual circumstances," Alek said. "It's not like Alvard to be so vague."\
"We still know where to look at least. And here," Anna said, handing Alek her own find. "Do you think this might be related?"\
"\'85All of these are pretty recent. And from the same sector," Alek muttered. "Why didn't Elsa do anything about this?"\
"I-I might have misplaced these," Anna said, wincing at the heavy stare Alek fixed on her. "I'm sorry! I don't know how it happened."\
"We don't even know if it was really you. Most of us come in and out making some report or another," Alek sighed. "But you'd think Elsa would be careful."\
There 
\i was 
\i0 one obvious person Anna could think of that Elsa might trust enough to let down her guard. She had brought him to this very office herself. She had reintroduced him to Elsa after learning they had been close once. She had tried her hardest to patch things up between them because she thought Elsa needed someone she could trust and that she 
\i could
\i0  trust him.\
Edmund.\
"Don't," Alek said, and the gruff baritone of his voice cut through Anna's thoughts. "I can tell when you're overthinking. Just let things happen as they happen. We're going to know for sure later, right?"\
"R-Right." She had to take her own advice, Anna told herself. As they left Elsa's office, ice reformed behind them to block off the entrance once again.\
"It's too late to be heading out," Alek said, nodding his head towards the windows. It was almost night, cloudy and moonless. In an hour, maybe two, there would be nothing but darkness. "We can search tomorrow. For now, try to get some rest."\
But it was easy to give advice and harder to take it. It was impossible to just rest as she was now, agitated and uncertain. "Before I do that," Anna said, "I want you to show me where you lost Edmund."\
"It won't put your mind at ease," Alek said.\
"I know, but\'85I still want to go."\
At Anna's behest, Alek led her down several corridors to the princes' wing of the castle, followed by several mind-boggling twists and turns and, after another round of bargaining, left her with one last word of warning. She stood at a dead end. Apparently Edmund had rounded this corner and by the time Alek could follow, there was nothing but a wall, uncovered by even a tapestry. Small wonder Alek had described Edmund's disappearance as being like a ghost. He would have needed to either turn invisible or pass through the stonework to stay hidden.\
"Please let it be anyone but Edmund," Anna murmured.\
She never expected an answer.\
It was only the tiniest hint of sound at first, so faint Anna thought she imagined it. Only when the noise persisted like an eerie song did she inch forward, breath stopping in its track, and then she realized where exactly the sound was coming from. She pressed her ear against the wall, and listened. It was a familiar voice she heard, deep and oddly synthesized, like it was muffled through water. It was the same one she heard that day in the library. Suddenly her limbs seized. She could no longer breathe, not by choice or reaction but by force. Her lungs had simply ceased functioning. Anna might have reached to scrabble at her closed off throat if she had any control over her deadened limbs.\
"Sleep now."\
Anna blacked out.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 23: Day Three, 0 Hours Remain
\b0 \
With her magic speeding their travel, Elsa led her troops through the inlet in record time, sleighs silent and undetectable on her crystal runway. Once they penetrated the bay they abandoned the sleighs and veered south on foot, taking cover in the shadow of lush forests. Fog had obscured their advance, and now thick evergreen canopies hid them from whatever guards might be posted at the city walls. It was unlikely they would be vigilant in their watch at any rate, complacent and bloated on excess.\
With the foliage covering their approach, Elsa moved closer to the edge of the forest. Before long she could see the castle gates standing only a hundred meters away, bearing flags that swayed in the wind. Behind her, Kristoff shifted and smoothed Sven's pelt in repetitive strokes.\
"Stay here when it starts," Elsa said, eyes never leaving the gates, calculating the distance and visualizing the trajectory of her powers. "This will be over quickly."\
"Uhh, right, I'll just stay out of the way. Although\'85" Kristoff scratched the back of his neck and fell silent.\
"Speak," Elsa said. She never meant for her voice to be so imperious, but here, in the familiar battlefield that was her domain, she always spoke in clipped tones. Time was better spent on strategy than banter.\
"Is Anna okay with this?" Kristoff asked.\
"We have discussed it," Elsa said. Even if much of their discussion had been nonverbal, they understood one another. She had promised. Anna had compromised. This was necessary and would not come between them. "Which is why no blood will be spilt."\
Elsa dismissed Kristoff with a wave of her hand, pretending not to notice how the man jerked away instinctively \'97 not from fear but appropriate wariness \'97 and turned to the small number of troops at her command. She would not need many men. She might have sieged Weselton herself if not for appearances. It was one thing to destroy a kingdom in a dramatic show of might, but to infiltrate alone in the manner of an assassin was distasteful.\
"You are not to use deadly force, but at the same time you do not need to fear retaliation. I will protect you from harm," Elsa said. Sparks crackled at her fingertips, and the men snapped into a salute.\
Elsa looked back to the castle gates, feeling the cold swirl of her powers churn under her skin, begging to be released as they never were now. It was still there, that violent instinct that was almost an addiction. It thirsted for blood. Repressed, desperate for an outlet, but not even here could she afford to allow her powers free reign. It was likely she never would again.\
But Markus had taught her not to limit herself\'85\
Elsa blocked out all other thought and pushed forward. Ice flowed from her hands in an ever-expanding stream, molding into a staircase that stretched farther and farther, until it finally slammed into the top of the gates with a booming crash that shook the very foundations of the castle walls. And there was silence. Bits of shattered stone fell to the earth, the walls as feeble as rotten wood before her powers.\
"Go," Elsa said.\
Barely a moment passed before her soldiers were sprinting up the staircase, protected by a moving half-dome that protected them from assault, but only when they were halfway up did the guards respond at all, firing ineffectual arrows that bounced off her shield. Elsa followed behind at an easy pace, watching with a careful eye as her men swarmed over the walls and disarmed the guards. They were too afraid of her to disobey, but their weapons had been blunted anyway and her wintry winds followed each one to intercept deadly strikes if necessary. Elsa was more concerned with any guards who might sound alarms.\
There was one.\
It took great force of will to resist the lightning surging only a heartbeat away, but instead Elsa flung out her arm and launched a mixture of snow and ice that simply knocked the guard unconscious. Bruised and battered, but alive. She continued on her way and stepped over the walls just as her soldiers finished incapacitating the Weselton guards, leaving a slew of unconscious bodies behind them.\
"We head for the barracks," Elsa announced.\
She took point once again, slipping through the southern portion of the city and still undetected. Part of the river ran through the city, and she saw the dam that she might have once attacked from, a single bolt of lightning enough to tear into the metal and straight through the exposed stonework. Now, she only froze the river and bridged the water, then continued on foot through the darkened city. Elsa stood at the center of an invisible circle, and within a twenty-foot radius light snow fell. There was the occasional patrol, but she always sensed them long before they ever saw her, forewarned by the snow acting as her eyes and ears. It was easy enough to disable the guards before they could make a scene.\
It had been the dead of night before, the streets empty save for the occasional drunkard or stray animal, but as Elsa made her way through the city, darkness began to give way to day. That was fine. She arrived at the barracks just as the first light of dawn struck the city, giving her plenty of time before the soldiers inside woke. She placed her hand over the door to an individual barracks unit, clenched down on the knob, and ice spread over first the metal railings and then the wooden frame.\
Out the corner of her eye she saw her own soldiers unnerved by the display, but she diverted her attention to the creeping frost leaping from building to building, sealing each one so that the soldiers within couldn't come out. It was for their own good. Now they couldn't exit to their deaths. And without interruption\'85\
Elsa turned her gaze to the castle.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Anna. Wake up. Anna! Are you in there? Anna!"\
At the repeated call of her name followed by several thuds, Anna jerked awake. It was Alek she heard pounding away at the door, but it took a moment longer for her to recognize her surroundings. She was back in her new room, lying comfortably in bed and not standing petrified at a dead end. Except she had no recollection of ever returning. How had she made it back?\
"J-Just a minute!" Anna called back when Alek continued knocking. She kept a tight grip on her blankets, struggling to control her ragged breathing. Her thoughts flew back to the previous night, but try as she might to wrack her brain, there were gaps in her memory. No matter how hard she reached, she could only grasp at darkness.\
Numbly, Anna rose and trudged to the door, opening it to be greeted by a deathly pale Alek.\
"What the hell took so long? I thought you died last night and nobody would ever answer," Alek growled, dragging a hand through his hair so roughly his nails likely dug into his scalp.\
"S-Sorry," Anna said.\
Alek paused mid-step through the door, angry expression giving way to confusion. After all, Anna always used to banter back. She couldn't find the peace of mind to do it this time. "Did something happen? You sound\'85weird," Alek said. Anna shrugged and Alek exhaled a long breath. "Look, I'm sorry I blew up at you. I was worried. If anything happened, that would be my fault for leaving you\'97"\
"I don't remember how I got back," Anna said.\
"\'85Oh. That's not good," Alek said. Carefully, he sat Anna down at the edge of the bed and kneeled to examine her more closely. "You look fine, just a little shaken up. How do you feel?"\
"I think I might have heard the Sorcerer," Anna murmured, bowing her head when the pressure of it all became too much. Whatever hypnotic properties his voice had was still drugging her mind. It felt like oil sliding under her skin, fingers tugging at her nerves, restless agitation pulling her in all directions. "And then I just woke up here. Otherwise, I-I think I'm okay. I mean, I don't know but I hope\'97"\
Alek gripped Anna by the shoulders and forced her to meet his eyes. "You 
\i are 
\i0 okay."\
"What if something is messed up inside me?" Anna breathed.\
It was vile. It was violation in every sense of the word and left her feeling unclean beneath her skin. Just the thought that someone might have been in her head made her stomach churn. Not even the sanctuary of her mind was safe. Was she brainwashed? Could she trust her actions to be her own?\
"We don't even know how the Sorcerer's powers work. Don't freak yourself out," Alek said firmly, brushing Anna's hair back and cradling her head. "I'll be here. I'll be watching out for you."\
"Th-Thanks," Anna whispered.\
"Maybe you need some fresh air," Alek suggested.\
Anna nodded and went into the adjoining restroom, splashing her face with water and staring at her reflection in the mirror. It was only her face that stared back, droplets of water sliding down the bridge of her nose. Not a shadowy figure or reddening eyes. She was fine. After a few minutes of freshening up, she followed Alek out. Maybe Alek had a point. As soon as she left her room and stretched her legs, her fears were relieved somewhat. She really was fine. Her thoughts were her own. Surely being able to feel panic at all was a good sign?\
"Are we going to keep searching? You said we'd look around town," Anna said. Best to keep her mind occupied. As long as they kept moving, everything was fine.\
"Yeah. I tried to recruit some of the soldiers who were most loyal to me, but they all seemed\'85strange. Something in their eyes was different, hazy, so that's why I checked you earlier," Alek explained, and Anna felt another surge of relief. "I probably don't have to tell you this, but they all rejected me."\
"We're going alone, then." Anna wondered about openly flaunting Saul's decree about her staying locked up, but she supposed Alek must have figured it all out. But then again, the hotheaded blond was prone to being rash and she didn't want him getting into even more trouble. "About Saul\'85"\
"Saul's missing," Alek said, sounding entirely flippant but nearly causing Anna to trip over air. "Probably since early in the morning, because I tried to find him first thing but no sign of him anywhere."\
"That's bad too!" Anna exclaimed. "Shouldn't we look for him?"\
"Considering I'm almost positive that something is up with him, this works out fine. Chances are that he'll turn up safe and sound." Alek pushed the main doors open to the courtyard, where a pitch-black stallion was already waiting. Anna thought it looked vaguely demonic at first, but on closer inspection it was a gentle thing and neighed softly to welcome them.\
Alek insisted on helping Anna up even though she flatly told him she knew perfectly well how to ride, and then off they were to the castle town. Outer sector, Alek had said, and it took a decent time before they arrived; Anna lost track halfway through the bumpy ride, being forced to close her eyes to guard against the blinding effect of sunlight reflecting from snow. It was a shantytown held together by tape and prayers. The nicer homes had slowly transitioned to more rundown counterparts, blackened by filth and practically a blight against the purity of snow.\
"How come things are this bad here?" Anna asked.\
"A lot of these people are small-time criminals, but\'85" Alek sighed. "Well, the other reason you're here is if you were poor and couldn't afford better. Not like money is worth anything now, but you know discrimination. People stayed where they were before the big freeze."\
"How do they even keep warm?" Anna murmured. Garbage and trash were often substituted for proper foundations and walls.\
"They get by." Alek dismounted and extended a hand for Anna, but this time she hopped off without his assistance. At the quiet snub, Alek stuck his hand in his pocket. "We should ask around."\
"Assuming anyone is willing to talk to you." Anna clenched her fist. "You know why people are missing from only this area? Because whoever's doing it knows that no one cares. Like you don't care."\
"Anna\'85" Alek bowed his head for a fraction of a second, but then he lifted his head again and his lips were set into a scowl. "You haven't said anything against Elsa. She lets this happen."\
"She didn't know\'97" Anna closed her mouth when Alek raised an eyebrow. It was true. Elsa didn't know about the disappearances, but she had to have known about the state of things here.\
Anna pursed her lips, strode to the nearest home, and knocked on the door. But when a man missing several teeth opened the door, he took one look at her and slammed the door again. She turned to Alek in question. Surely they should have been more receptive of her? Walking the barren streets, they passed a woman hurrying by with her unhappy child, desperately trying to keep his crying at bay. Before Anna could say a word, the woman had fled into her home and locked the door.\
When they knocked on doors, there was only a one in ten chance anyone would open up. No one had even actually spoken to them yet, only slammed the door in their faces after one quick look at them. Several failed attempts later, Alek finally became fed up. Stalking up to yet another ramshackle home and drawing his sword, Alek sliced the feeble door apart before Anna could even cry out for him to stop. There was a man inside, similarly weather-beaten as the rest they had seen, and this time Alek walked in and grabbed him by the collar to pull him close.\
"Don't hurt him!" Anna said.\
"Answer what I ask, and you'll be fine," Alek said. With that he threw the man away, and he landed on the floor in a harsh tumble. Anna rushed forward to pull Alek away, but the prince only shrugged her off and held her back, ignoring her punches against his arm. "Someone was taken from here, right?"\
"M-My daughter." Anna held back a gasp as someone finally spoke, and though the man's voice was a croak, hearing anybody was almost surreal.\
"Tell us everything," Alek said, almost gently, and Anna stopped trying to punch at him. Whatever he was doing, it was working.\
"We just want to know the circumstances," Anna added. Alek turned to raise an eyebrow at her, but when she shifted he let her go. Anna helped the man up from the floor and gave his arm a reassuring squeeze. "Maybe something will help us find your daughter. That's all we want. We promise."\
"Th-There's not much to tell. It happened in the middle of the night. You can see this place for yourself. Not much room. We were both here." At the man's beckoning, Anna looked around. True to his words, there was barely enough room for the three of them as it was. Not much in the way of furniture, only a wooden table with a candle in the middle, stools, makeshift bedrolls in the corner.\
"And then?" Alek asked.\
"She'd found something in the snow that she wanted to show me. Probably some sort of trinket, not very special, but\'85" His lips tilted into a sad smile as he added, "She had an eye for things. Strangely shaped rocks. Oddly colored bark. She just loved everything in the world." The man's voice began to crack and his eyes became unfocused. Anna had to look away. He sounded so defeated. "She came back inside. Candle flickered out, and by the time I could light it again she was\'85she was\'85gone."\
They wouldn't get anything more out of the man, and even if they could, Anna didn't think she had to heart to keep questioning him. There was nothing she could say to comfort him either. She left slowly and quietly, pulling on Alek's arm so that he followed her out, and she carefully shut the door behind.\
It was a quiet trek through the snow as they wandered aimlessly for a little while, some half-formed thought like looking for clues floating through Anna's mind, but she was really much more distracted by the raw emotion she had just witnessed. Suddenly, this whole thing became real. People were vanishing into thin air, and worse, they were being kidnapped.\
"How did you know to do that?" Anna asked at last. "You know, that you would get him to talk if you were a little rougher."\
Alek shrugged. "How else would he think we could do anything to help? Out here, you need to prove yourself. You did well yourself, though. Nice touch with the empathy."\
"I meant it," Anna said.\
"I know, and that's why it works," Alek said. "If you were lying, you might fool some people but the others can tell. But you\'85you never fake anything. People can feel that and trust you instinctively."\
Before Anna could respond, she was interrupted by the crunch of hooves powering through snow. As the sound grew louder, Anna turned in its direction and saw a glimpse of a familiar white horse. Before she could tell who it was, Alek grabbed her arm and practically threw her behind him. In front of them, the horse slowed and its rider dismounted. Immediately, Alek drew his sword, the metal coming free from its scabbard with a hiss.\
"Hans!" Anna said, standing on tiptoes to peer over Alek's shoulder. It was indeed the thirteenth prince, garbed in a grey winter cloak and approaching with his hands raised, keeping them away from the sheathed sword hanging from his belt. "What are you doing here?"\
"What 
\i are 
\i0 you doing here?" Alek repeated, his voice much more vicious.\
"Alek, put the sword away, please," Anna said, but only when Alek ignored her plea did she remember \'97 Alvard had written that he spoke to Hans not long before his death. Despite whatever Alek said about not suspecting anyone, Hans was already guilty in his mind.\
Hans shook his head at Anna then said, looking directly at Alek, "You should know better than anyone that no one is allowed to simply leave the castle without permission."\
"Trying to cover your tracks?" Alek asked.\
"Hardly. I'm here to help you find them," Hans said.\
Alek was so disarmed his grip slackened for a fraction of a second, but when Hans stepped closer, he quickly jerked his sword towards his younger brother. "Explain. Now."\
"You two are investigating Alvard's death. Let's say that I have vested interest," Hans said, now stepping so close that Alek had his sword hovering only an inch away from his throat. "Something is going on that I'm unaware of, and I don't like being in the dark."\
"That's not good enough," Alek said.\
"You'll just have to trust me." Ignoring Alek's fervent denial, Hans looked over him and to Anna again, meeting her eyes with a heavy gaze. "Do you trust me, Anna?"\
It might have been too convenient for Hans to show up just as they were on the cusp of discovering something. It might have even been too convenient 
\i yesterday 
\i0 for Hans to be there to help her, but Anna trusted her instincts. It was like Edmund would say. Vibes. She did trust Hans for whatever reason, maybe because she had seen him vulnerable, maybe because he wasn't entirely perfect.\
"I do," Anna said. When Alek's head whipped back, she said again, "I trust Hans. I think we should let him help."\
"Anna, that is a 
\i stupid 
\i0 decision and we both know it," Alek hissed.\
"It's not. You said it yourself that I can't even trust you completely," Anna pointed out, and Alek stilled. She didn't mean it in a hurtful way. She kept her tone even, but Alek had to understand. "If I'm out here all alone with you\'85I may as well have someone else around. And if Hans is a danger, then I have you."\
"Anna is smarter than you," Hans said, lip curling, but Alek didn't offer any retort. Instead, he lowered his sword slowly, reluctantly, before sheathing it again in one lightning-quick motion. Hans scoffed and tied Sitron to a nearby post, giving the horse a pat on his head before returning.\
"You didn't bring any of the guard?" Alek asked.\
Hans snorted. "None of them will listen to me. I was given your post so that a target could be painted on my back, no other reason. Are you going to tell me what exactly you're doing out here?"\
"No," Alek said, just as Anna responded, "We're looking into some disappearances."\
"Funny, I was looking into a disappearance of my own. I'm sure Reid was headed this way," Hans said.\
As Alek reluctantly filled Hans in on the situation, careful to avoid any talk of the Sorcerer and not even trying to make up some excuse that linked the disappearances to Alvard, Anna wrinkled her nose at the thought of being anywhere near Reid, that awful rat-faced brute. But it 
\i was 
\i0 interesting that he was also headed this way. It had to be connected somehow. Before she could think on it more, Anna was distracted by the two princes talking rather animatedly.\
"With the number of people taken and how often, they have to be kept somewhere close by," Hans said. "It really shouldn't be that hard to find."\
"Assuming that it's above ground," Alek said. "But that would be obvious. No one smart enough to pull all this off would ever do something that stupid."\
"But it narrows our search field to where the most kidnappings take place. If we can find out some more about how the culprit behaves\'97"\
"We can probably trace him by pattern," Alek finished, and Hans nodded in agreement.\
Anna looked from Alek to Hans, unable to stop herself from grinning at the odd sight and drawing their attention when she laughed. "You know, you two work pretty well together."\
Alek looked away, scowling at nothing in particular, and Hans took a deep breath before asking, "Where haven't you two been? I can help with questioning\'97"\
"Hans actually being helpful?" Alek snorted.\
"I don't know, Hans 
\i is 
\i0 easier on the eyes than you. Try not scowling as much," Anna said, giving Alek a gentle pat on the arm when he grumbled. "Maybe we won't get kicked out as often now."\
It was hours before they made any progress, but after careful questioning of families in the vicinity, Anna and the two princes pinpointed where the majority of the kidnappings took place.\
Having Hans around really did make the process quicker, since he possessed natural charisma far surpassing Alek, and along with Anna, the two made a powerful team. Mostly they were told similar accounts of the missing persons being taken at night or vanishing without a trace, but one fact was strangely consistent. All of those abducted were older dark-haired men or younger blonde women, the youngest only a child of eight. Anna had needed to walk away while that particular story was being recounted to them.\
"Too bad Elsa is in Weselton. We could have used her as bait," Alek said.\
Anna frowned. "That's not funny."\
"Actually, Alek makes a fair point," Hans said. Anna whirled around to face him, but Hans bore through her angry retort before countering, "It might be possible that these people are being targeted 
\i because 
\i0 they resemble Elsa. She has enough enemies. Of course, this is all hypothetical."\
"On second thought, Elsa would make horrible bait," Alek said. "Hate her all you want. No one in their right mind would try to take her."\
"Can we stop talking about this and try to figure out where we should be looking?" Anna asked. When Alek and Hans weren't making passive aggressive remarks at each other, they were oddly in sync.\
"It's not hard to figure out, considering where we are," Alek said.\
Anna followed the direction of where his finger pointed, over the barren treetops to large wood-and-steel complexes at the docks. Warehouses. It was an easy trek over, and moving a little further from the shantytown, they saw more people outside. Not many, but some children ran about playing and there were workers and guards at the warehouses. Overall, here it felt more like an actual town than a haunted one, albeit cursed by eternal winter.\
Hans took the lead and strode past the children to the workers at the docks. Unlike the children they recognized Hans and Alek as royalty, and at the sight of the princes they immediately stiffened. Alek approached one and impatiently waved his hand, but he only tensed more.\
"I-Is something wrong, Your Highness?"\
"At ease," Hans said. He outstretched a hand towards Alek, but the blond only glared until Anna cleared her throat. Reluctantly, Alek handed over the file and Hans showed it to the worker. "Do you know any of these people?"\
Such disdain grew on the worker's face that Anna deemed him Ugly. "I'll be damned if I know them personally, Your Highness," Ugly said, looking as though he were resisting the urge to spit. "Scoundrels, the lot of them. I've seen them around the area but I always chase them away."\
"They're people too," Anna said angrily.\
"Just doin' my job, Ma'am," Ugly said, but his face grew pensive when he added, "Haven't seen many of them lately, actually."\
"Because they're missing," Alek said, snatching the papers out of Hans' hands and stuffing them in his jacket again. "So just tell us whatever you know."\
"Honest, I don't know much. Well, Old Man Norolf hasn't been around." Ugly frowned and lifted his hat to scratch the top of his head. "I think some of us might have actually reported him missing."\
Anna peered over Alek's shoulder to look at the file and flipped a page. "Hey, there 
\i is
\i0  a Norolf here. And he's not one of your scoundrels?"\
"Norolf used to work here too, until he decided to retire," Ugly said, scowling for a brief second before seeming to remember there were two princes around. "I-I mean, I think he might'a just wandered off somewhere else drunk, but the others were worried."\
"Well, that explains why he's listed," Anna said. True, there were more disappearances than the file would suggest. Maybe the Sorcerer just thought no one would ever care enough about these beggars and scoundrels to report their disappearance\'85but some townsfolk had done just that. No matter what, these were still 
\i people 
\i0 he took.\
Just as Anna prepared to ask more, a ball sailed by and struck Ugly on the leg before bouncing off. When a laughing boy ran up to retrieve the ball, the worker stopped him and gave him a few choice words \'97 Anna really hoped the boy wouldn't pick up on them \'97 and, strangely, the boy retorted, "I hope the dock monster eats you!"\
Anna noticed Hans narrow his eyes at the remark, but he did nothing to stop the child from leaving. Instead, Hans asked Ugly, "What's this about a dock monster?"\
"Just an urban legend. Townsfolk probably noticing what you got there, Your Highness," Ugly said, pointing at the file. "And since people are missing around these parts\'85"\
"They believe it the work of a dock monster," Hans finished. Giving Ugly a polite smile, he added, "That will be all. Thank you for your help."\
After Ugly left, Alek said, "Guess we're on the right track."\
"All urban legends are steeped in truth," Hans said. "We should look around these warehouses. Rule out any of the obvious ones with greater use, like the ones used to store weapons and rations\'97"\
"Who made 
\i you 
\i0 leader?" Alek asked.\
Anna nudged his ribs and Alek subsided, still grumbling, but Hans made sense so they did as he said. Alek knew which ones to avoid, more familiar with the outfitting of the army and knowing which ones were used to stock provisions for that purpose. Scattered workers were busy sorting out rations and guards patrolled the area, but for the most part, the docks were in disuse. Compared to the bustle that must have been here when there had been active trade, this bare minimum of activity was nothing.\
At least it made navigation easier, because it took barely any time at all to search through the warehouses. All of them so far had been completely ordinary, and though they made sure to check every inch for something suspicious, they found nothing. Lots of other things were interesting though.\
"Check this out," Anna chirped, taking hold of a battle-axe from a rack of similar weapons.\
"That thing weighs a lot more than you should be able to handle," Alek said, and even Hans gave pause at the sight of Anna swinging the gargantuan weapon like she did it every day.\
After convincing Anna to drop the axe, Alek led them to another storeroom. Anna glanced at the neatly packaged squares covered in foil and hefted one, surprised to find it with quite a bit of weight. Hans let her know they were part of the rations passed out to the people of the Southern Isles, and eventually Anna gave in to curiosity and cracked one open.\
"Tastes horrible," Anna said.\
"Let me try," Hans said, looking every bit as curious as her, but one bite of the chunky block and he pressed it back into her hands.\
After a few fruitless hours, they finally made their way to yet another warehouse, inconspicuous as the rest. Standard construction, a large complex made of pale wood painted dark red but framed with steel fixtures, curved roof reinforced by metal bars.\
But here at last one thing was different.\
"Hey, weird. No guards," Anna said.\
Alek frowned and pushed open the heavy metal gates, but they were rusty compared to the others and opened with a grating creak. One look inside and the reason for the disuse and the lack of security became glaringly obvious. This warehouse was filled with summer goods: bathing suits, clogs, sun balms, all of it logoed with a trademark from some place called Oaken's Trading Post. Everything in here was contradictory to the winter weather outside.\
"If there isn't something funny here, I'll eat my sword," Alek grumbled.\
Anna was ready to walk in as they did all the other warehouses, but this time both Alek and Hans deliberately hastened their steps so they entered first, protecting her on either side. Shaking her head, Anna followed. Despite the impractical inventory here, nothing about the warehouse screamed sinister or anything even remotely suspicious. It was positively cheerful to see some variety of color outside the usual palette of white-blue-grey, though she could have gone without the snot-green of lutefisk floating in jars. After a good fifteen minutes of searching, they were still just as clueless as they were before.\
"Maybe if I had a better view," Anna suggested.\
Alek frowned. "What exactly are you thinking of\'97"\
Without waiting for the others since she knew they would protest, Anna clambered atop some nearby boxes. They weren't exactly steady, but despite the already wobbling base Anna reached up to the next level of the messily stacked stock, fingers struggling to find purchase over the higher areas. Below, Hans bent his knees as though preparing to catch her, and Alek paced back and forth yelling insults at her.\
"You're going to kill yourself!" Alek yelled.\
"Just gonna block you out, I need to concentrate," Anna said.\
She shimmied up the boxes, throwing her arms up onto the next box and pushing down to drag herself up, but her leg kicked frantically when she almost slipped. The tip of her boot smashed into an adjacent box and tipped it over, luckily not the one she had been standing on, but it still tumbled off the stack just as she pulled herself up. It hit the floor two meters below with a loud, hollow crash that echoed off the high walls of the warehouse.\
Anna winced and looked down to see the box's contents spilled onto the floor, some sort of ceramic and metal fountain decoration. "Sorry about that! Are you two\'85all\'85right?"\
Alek and Hans were staring at the spot where the decoration had hit, Alek with narrowed eyes and Hans with furrowed brow. Utilizing her new viewpoint for the first time and deciding that her quick scan of the warehouse from above really didn't help matters much, Anna slowly scaled her way back down, more interested in what exactly consternated the two princes.\
"You don't think\'85?" Alek mumbled.\
"Try it again," Hans said.\
Alek drew his sword and tapped the spot, and Anna finally understood. It released such a hollow sound that it could not have been cement down beneath. There was empty space below them. They might have begun to search for a latch or a switch, but immediately a voice filtered through the air. Not deep as Anna had heard it before, overlaid by a shriller pitch so that it sounded like two voices working in tandem, and yet she could recognize it as the same one from the library, from behind the wall last night.\
"Since you're here, you may as well come down."\
There was a deep rumble and then Anna heard the sound of scraping stone. When she looked down, she saw the cement shifting, shadows bursting from cracks all along the floor. When they fell again, part of the floor had slid back, revealing a staircase leading down to unseen depths. Anna looked towards Alek, and then to Hans, and the resolve in her eyes stopped any argument they might have made for her to stay behind. Nothing would persuade her away from this.\
She had to see him.\
"Let's go," Anna said.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 24: The Heartless
\b0 \
With painstaking effort Saul diverted his attention from the grotesqueness of his surroundings, thankful for the horrid lighting. It was hard to stomach, but at the very least, the murky half-light allowed him some small measure of relief. However, the pungent stench was unavoidable. It was so strong he thought it might permeate his skin and seep into his bones. Maybe it might even pilfer into his soul, if that were still pure.\
"You're being too obvious," Saul warned, and the Sorcerer paused in the midst of what he called his 
\i research 
\i0 to fix him with a blank stare. "Elsa knows about you. Alek will find you soon. You should never have killed Tobias and practically announced yourself."\
The Sorcerer resumed what he was doing, and Saul looked away again when he said, "I have my ways of disappearing. I admit I would have preferred Tobias dead by Elsa's hand, but the difference it makes is little. You underestimate her; Elsa would have figured me out sooner or later."\
"One would think that later is better than sooner," Saul said.\
"I accomplished what I set out to do. Now I will await Anna here." Without looking away from his work, the Sorcerer tilted his head. "Speaking of being obvious, Reid followed you here."\
"What\'97"\
"Dispose of him."\
Saul looked to the Sorcerer, unsure of what he had heard. Was he really expected to\'85?\
"Dispose of him, or I will dispose of you both. It's time to prove your worth to me, Saul, beyond your minimal achievements," the Sorcerer said again, sounding unduly amused behind the mask. "Don't be a pawn forever. Think of this as chess, as your queening after crossing the board at last. Just remember a certain creed that I grew up to: Release. Let free. There are no limits."\
With that, the Sorcerer vanished. Saul whipped his head around to watch the stairs leading down into the antechamber where he stood, praying. But as if on cue Reid descended the steps, a mixture of fear and disgust on his face, steps slow as if he feared each step might bring greater horrors. Beyond his own shock, Saul felt a smidgen of understanding. Not many lesser people could bear this atrocity.\
"What the hell is going on here?" Reid demanded. Whatever indignation he possessed vanished when he looked past Saul to where the Sorcerer had been\'85working. With a loud cry, Reid flinched backwards and tripped over the stairs, his back slamming into the steps.\
"Reid\'97" Saul moved on reflex to help, but his steps halted and his voice faded when he saw the loathing, the judgment reflected in his brother's eyes. Saul retracted his hand. What did 
\i Reid
\i0  understand? What right did Reid have to pass judgment? After benefiting from him for so long\'85\
With a dry swallow Reid scrambled to his feet, breathing harsh and deep, sweat on his brow despite the cold draft of the room. "I don't know what the hell you're doing here, but this\'97?"\
"Why are you here?" Saul asked.\
"I want to know what you're thinking!" Reid yelled, seeming to forget about the sight that scared him so as he stalked forward. "It's like you've gone insane. What is all this? Why did you skip over me and pick Hans as Captain of the Guard? After all this time\'97"\
"I don't owe you an explanation," Saul said. If the buffoon couldn't understand, then that was his own inadequacy.\
"So you think you can just toss me aside after coming into power?" Reid sneered and scanned the room, head nodding with fervent disgust. "We'll see what your precious Elsa thinks of this. What do you think she'll do when she finds out? You're done, Saul. Done."\

\i Kill him.
\i0 \
The Sorcerer's voice passed through his skull and something inside him finally snapped. Saul took a deep breath, but though the next moment felt like an eternity in his mind, in actuality he made his decision in an instant. He had no choice in the matter. It was either kill or be killed. He had to do this to win the game. Reid trusted him, Reid followed him, but Reid 
\i betrayed 
\i0 him and Reid was nothing but a liability now so he had to die. When his brother turned his back to leave, Saul felt his body move like he was nothing but a bystander.\
Saul felt his blood boil and unnatural strength take hold of his limbs. Without hesitation he threw himself at Reid from behind, shoulder ramming into his back and sending the younger prince sprawling onto the steps of the stairs. Reid turned over but not quickly enough to get to his feet. Saul batted away the weak flails of Reid's arms to clamp a hand down around his neck, his own heart pounding in his throat as he squeezed. It would be over soon. He just had to get this over with\'85\
Except Reid managed to get his leg in between them, and one frantic kick knocked Saul away. Throat freed but gasping for air, Reid only had the energy to lie there.\
Saul was furious. Reid just 
\i had 
\i0 to resist. He just 
\i had 
\i0 to make things hard for both of them.\
Unnoticing of the snarl ripping itself from his lips, Saul leapt forward and punched Reid in the face, again and again, ignoring the loud screams and even the pain in his knuckles as the skin tore apart. This time Saul pressed all his weight down to trap his brother's legs, then wrapped both his hands around Reid's throat. Saul's bloodshot eyes bulged in their sockets as he stared down at Reid desperately scrabbling at his hands, then his face, nails leaving tiny scratches on the sides of his jaw. Saul slammed his head down into the corner of the steps and squeezed harder, trying to crush Reid's throat in his hands. Slowly, the resistance weakened. Slowly, slowly, slowly.\
Until Reid slackened entirely and Saul finally let go. Reid fell limp, surrounded by a river of blood flowing down the steps from the back of his head.\
Saul jerked away and scrambled to his feet, wiping his shaking hands on the white fabric of his jacket and seeing red smear across. Now he realized what he had done. With his own hands, he had just murdered his younger brother. Bile rose to his mouth and he leaned over to vomit, stomach heaving as it contracted, acid burning its way up his esophagus like penance.\
"How does it feel?"\
Saul looked up to see the Sorcerer reappearing. Of course, he had never left.\
"It 
\i is 
\i0 a rush to feel another life ending beneath your fingertips. I can't feel very many things, but killing is a constant. It's something that I can control," said the Sorcerer, bending down to examine Reid's body, grasping his chin and carelessly tilting his head this way and that. "I imagine Elsa feels the same way."\
"You 
\i made 
\i0 me do it," Saul said.\
The Sorcerer rose to his feet and extended a hand for Saul. When Saul didn't take it, he slowly closed his hand and chuckled. "If that's what you need to tell yourself. Now then, leave. We should have other visitors soon. I'll take over from here."\
Saul did leave, but he left a part of himself there in that cold, dark place stained with blood.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was easy taking Weselton.\
With the majority of its soldiers locked in their barracks, Weselton was defenseless. Elsa simply strode past the gates and entered the castle unhindered, and she indulged herself by letting her powers free. As the blizzard grew around her like a maelstrom, her senses sharpened and the world filled with sounds and colors missing before. Feeling the full extent of her magic well up inside her in greater and greater torrents of intoxicating power was something she had not felt in months.\
She had left the gates little more than rubble torn apart by her storm.\
None of her own soldiers had been able to follow her into the castle, repelled by the tempest, but Elsa had no more need of them. There had been a few guards, and these Elsa took care of personally whenever they lacked the sense to flee. She flirted dangerously close to killing them, but she took care to avoid vitals. Either they were struck unconscious by blunt force or pinned to the wall by spikes of ice, but she left them alive.\
After that, she walked to the throne room. The rest was simple enough.\
From her newly acquired throne, Elsa stared down at the Duke of Weselton. Such a weak man, though he pretended otherwise. Ignorant underneath his petty cunning, spineless behind the delusions of grandeur, but he was still a sight better than the King. Elsa had already thrown him in his own dungeons after he tried to run.\
"What I require from Weselton is nothing less than complete fealty. My decisions are not to be disputed, though you will maintain the day to day business of this kingdom. Do you accept my terms?" Elsa asked.\
"O-Of course, Your Majesty. Weselton welcomes your rule," said the Duke.\
"Our business here is concluded. From now on, you will be Regent," Elsa said.\
"Is there anything you require, Your Majesty?"\
There was. Elsa rose from her seat and said, "Lead me to the highest point of the castle."\
If the Duke found her demand odd, he didn't look it. Instead, he personally showed Elsa to the towers and led her up to the balcony before retreating, giving one last platitude that Elsa waved off without verbal response. Once he was gone, Elsa looked over the edge. From here, she could look out and see the infinitesimally small city sprawled out far, far below, the lives of its denizens tiny, tiny things.\
Elsa closed her eyes.\
She could feel the Mirror. Shards of it glowed like tiny stars among the mundane human life down below, calling to her with spikes of magic so similar to her own, yearning to be complete once again.\
Elsa raised her hands to the sky and let her power surge, building and building towards its apex. Though her eyes were closed she could hear the storm rolling in with loud claps of thunder, could envision the dark clouds obscuring the sun, could feel the feather-like touch of falling snow on her skin. A thin ring of frost circled between her hands, swirling about slowly and then spinning faster and faster, releasing a shrill hum as it expanded and solidified. As her power built, electricity came to life and flickered in white and blue currents around the magnetic ice.\

\i Come
\i0 , Elsa commanded silently.\
Shards flew through the air and affixed themselves to the ice, attracted by their likeness, coming from every direction and in every size. None were larger than an inch and some were little more than splinters, but they pieced themselves together as puzzle pieces would join together, spinning this way and that to accommodate. It took only minutes for the whole process to be over, but maintaining her call took every last bit of concentration Elsa possessed. With each shard, the mounting pressure from the unbridled power of the Mirror grew larger, until it felt like trying to contain an ocean.\
Until the last piece came, and with it, relief.\
Finally, Elsa allowed her power to dissipate and lowered the completed piece of the Mirror. Letting it hover in the air, she inspected it. Jagged around the edges, but it was to be expected. However, the rest of it was perfectly flawless. The pieces had reattached without the slightest mark, leaving nothing to suggest it had ever been shattered. For all that their power seemed to resonate, Elsa knew herself different from the Mirror. Every time she found another piece, the same comparison would race through her mind. The Mirror could be put back together. She was forever unwhole.\
And who could she blame but herself? It might have been easy to place judgment on her parents, and maybe part of her did, but in the end she had stained her hands with their blood and she could not find it in herself to think ill of them. Not truly. At times like these, when it became harder to avoid thinking of them, she would remember not the hateful monsters they became but the loving parents they had been. They had treasured her. And then\'85they had not. Elsa never knew why. Was it really just because of her powers? Was it so hard to accept that their daughter was more than ordinary?\
She just wanted to know why.\
Elsa reached out to take the Mirror. The moment she touched it\'97\

\i "Elsa! Wh-What have you\'85? Oh, Elsa."
\i0 \
She knew that voice. It was Elmira. It was her mother.\
Elsa blinked, but the world was strange. In place of what should have been vibrant hues were oddly muted colors, every shade appearing weak and washed-out. The world appeared dull, indistinct, as though she were looking through a foggy window. Light filtered through only in the weakest of rays. Elsa could barely make out silhouettes of two taller figures crouched around a third smaller one.\
"
\i It'll be all right, Elsa. You can learn to control it, I'm sure."
\i0 \
That was Vagn, her father, her 
\i birth father
\i0  and certainly not Markus. Control\'85her powers? Surely he meant to repress them. Vagn had never cared for control. Vagn had wanted her powers to disappear, had wanted her curse to never show itself again, and if that meant his daughter needed to never show herself again, he was content to lock her away. There had never been talk of learning 
\i control
\i0 .\

\i "We'll be here for you, Elsa. We'll always be here."
\i0 \
\'85What?\
Before Elsa could even begin to think about the surreality of it all, she was dragged away from the vision or hallucination or whatever that episode might be. Vision returned with dizzying clarity and she was back in Weselton, staring down at the Mirror shard in her hand. It was glowing. Before her eyes the light dimmed, but she had seen it glow. Had the Mirror shown her that? But why had it stopped\'97\
Elsa clutched at her chest, struck by breathless fear.\
Darkness. Something was happening. Was Anna in danger? Elsa tried to reach through their link, but it was frustratingly closed to her as it always was. Only Anna could draw on the reliquary. Not even Elsa could discern what her own heart told, cut off from emotion for so many years it left her unable to feel. She mourned the loss before, but now she loathed it. If only she could see as Anna did, she might be able to tell if she were safe. Right now, she had no way of knowing.\
Elsa abandoned all thought of the strange vision for now. Nothing was more important than Anna.\

\i Wait for me.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Finally, they were here. In moments, they would see the Sorcerer.\
Down the long flight of stairs was a simple steel door, and past the door was a hallway stretching on past the eye could see, hidden by darkness. Underground, the heavy air felt as though it could crush bones. Concrete grey walls were illuminated by candles set into the walls, their flickering lights little comfort against the darkness. Quiet pattering reverberated through the long corridor as fetid water collected in puddles along the gritty floor. Worse, the entire place reeked of an awful stench, a mixture of disinfectant and rotting flesh.\
"Who was that we heard?" Hans asked.\
"Just watch our rear," Alek said, drawing his sword and making a motion for Hans to do the same. "I'll take the front, and Anna between us."\
"Why did you bring Anna?" Hans gazed around, jaw clenching as he took in the decrepit surroundings. "I don't know what this is about, but Anna shouldn't be here\'97"\
"Well, I 
\i am 
\i0 here, so please don't talk about me like I'm not," Anna interrupted.\
"Anna would follow us anyway. At least now we know where she is," Alek said. "And I'm not telling you anything more. I barely trust you enough to have you walk behind me, but I'm out of options."\
With that, they set off down the corridor. Alek walked slowly with sword outstretched, and Anna tried her best to control her breathing. Part of it was fear and anticipation, but the other half was simple desperation to avoid the sickly smell. She kept her eyes wide open, but with how dark it was she could barely see anything past Alek. As they walked, the smell only became worse and worse.\
They continued edging through that seemingly endless corridor. All that broke the oppressive silence was the sound of their footsteps echoing on the stone, and meanwhile Anna never stopped thinking about all those people the Sorcerer had kidnapped. Never mind why the Sorcerer had taken them. How long had they been down here in the dark and the cold? How many of them were even still alive?\
"Anna, close your eyes," Alek said suddenly.\
"What? Why\'97?"\
"Just do it. Take my hand, close your eyes, and keep walking forward." Alek reached back with his free hand, and tentatively Anna took it and followed his instruction. "Don't open your eyes until I tell you to."\
Part of Anna wanted to just do as Alek said and avoid whatever gruesome sight must have been in front of her. The other part told her that cowardice was pointless when she was already here. Before she could make a conscious decision, instinct made it for her. When Anna first felt the squelch under her boots, her eyes opened on reflex.\
There were bodies strung up around them.\
Anna jerked back, hand slipping away from Alek and her entire body crashing backwards into Hans, but the motion only made a splash and she looked down, down where she could see she had been stepping in 
\i blood 
\i0 all along. She looked back up. It was a mistake. She wished she could look away but she was transfixed by fascinated horror, the sheer brutality of it mind-boggling. All around her was torn skin and snapped bones and mangled flesh, chests flayed open and ribs jutting out, organs exposed to air. It was a miracle that she managed not to throw up.\
"Just close your eyes again," Alek said. "I'll lead you out, Hans was right, I was stupid to bring you in the first place\'97"\
"No!" Anna said, steadying herself, 
\i by 
\i0 herself, pulling away from Alek as her crutch. She couldn't be a liability forever. She fought past the urge to close her eyes and stared straight at Alek. "It's too late to head back. We need to keep going."\
"\'85Fine," Alek said. "You and Hans go on. I-I'll catch up in a minute\'97"\
"Alek," Hans muttered. "None of them are alive. No need to put anyone out of their misery."\
Anna would have whirled around to confront Hans for what he said, but the tremor in his voice told her he was just as shaken as she was. Maybe it was for the best that he could keep a calm mind. It was true, anyway. Some of these bodies were so mutilated they were barely recognizable as human, and Anna couldn't imagine how much worse it would be if they were alive. And even if they found any survivors, how many of them still 
\i wanted 
\i0 to be alive?\
She had thought they would rescue people, not \'97 not \'97 put them out of their misery.\
Anna kept her eyes open as they traversed the rest of the corridor, but after navigating their way through that brutal scene, they encountered nothing else of note. At last, they came to an entryway with yet another flight of stairs down, but somehow they all knew this was it. Whoever was waiting for them would be down below. They stood just outside the arch in silence, no one moving an inch.\
Maybe it was nervous energy. Anna just couldn't bear standing still for another second, stuck there in the horrible place, and she took the first step through the arch.\
Shadows instantly burst up to block the entryway. She spun around, but Alek and Hans were trapped outside\'85or she was trapped in. Anna didn't dare touch the shadows, but she could look past the translucent barrier to see the princes standing on the other side with identical horrified expressions.\
"Anna!" Alek yelled. "Don't move. I'll come through and get you."\
"I-It's okay," Anna said.\
It was okay. It was okay. It was okay as long as she kept moving.\
Keep. Moving.\
Move.\
Go.\
"Are you insane?" Hans demanded, but from the other side his words sounded muffled and muted, like they had passed through water. "None of this is okay. One of us will get you out\'97"\
"No! You're just going to hurt yourself," Anna said, picking up a stray stone off the ground and throwing it into the shadows. It touched the dark substance and burned away without a trace, not even leaving ashes behind. "See? There might be another way around. J-Just\'85I'll keep going."\
And that was it.\
She kept going.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Already, ten minutes had passed.\
Whatever was happening with Anna, neither Hans nor Alek could see. For all they knew\'85\
"We need to find a way through," Alek said, crouched to better examine the barrier.\
"Then maybe you should tell me what the hell is happening here," Hans snarled. It was unlike him to sound so agitated, but it was impossible to keep his rage from spilling over into his voice.\
Whatever he had bargained for, this was not it. It was partially curiosity about what exactly was so suspicious about Alvard's death, because he knew they weren't investigating his own role in inciting Alvard. Never mind that even if it could be traced back to him, it was no fault of his that a few choice words had led to Alvard's insurrection. More importantly, was there something he didn't know about? But then, when he learned about the disappearances\'85Hans had joined this little expedition for Anna's sake. Whether it was a whim or something more, Hans didn't know.\
Only, for whatever reason, the thought of Anna being hurt was unacceptable.\
"Try keeping your mouth shut and being useful instead," Alek replied.\
"How do you expect me to do anything when you tell me nothing?" Hans asked, balling his hand into a fist when Alek continued to ignore him. "What the hell is your problem?"\
Before Hans could react, Alek sprang to his feet and grabbed him by the collar. His older brother stood a good four inches taller; Hans thought he might be lifted off his feet any moment, but Alek only growled, "You want to know why I don't tell you anything? Alvard! What the 
\i hell 
\i0 did you do to him?"\
"Nothing," Hans said. "Goddamnit, Alek! Is now the time for this? Anna is trapped in there\'97"\
"Why do you care? What do you even want from her?"\
"
\i Nothing
\i0 ," Hans said, immediately and without thought, the answer leaving him before he could even think twice. And he meant it. When he realized it, that he really wanted nothing from Anna, that he had no ulterior motives, it scared him more than anything.\
Alek dragged Hans closer, and even with the bad lighting Hans could see his reddening face, his pupils dilating. Something was wrong with Alek. For all his rashness, he would know better than this\'97\
"Go to hell. Maybe you'll see your whore mother," Alek spat.\

\i Kill him.
\i0 \
Hans didn't need a foreign voice in his head to tell him what to do. With a guttural roar he shoved Alek away, pounding blood roaring in his ears and red cloying his vision. With all of this forced camaraderie, he had almost forgotten\'85but without Anna here between them, now he remembered how his 
\i brothers 
\i0 had pushed his mother to suicide, how Alek was just as guilty as the rest. Through the haze of his rage Hans couldn't see the horror on Alek's face, the sudden contraction of his pupils back to normal.\
"Hans, wait, that wasn't me\'97"\
Hans drew his sword and attacked.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna wondered why she needed so badly to do this. She couldn't have 
\i not 
\i0 walked down those steps. Her pace never slowed from its steady rhythm, though her heart beat wildly and her breathing hitched irregularly. She felt herself move like her body didn't belong to her anymore, like she was only looking in from the outside. It wasn't a very long walk, only seconds before she reached the end. With one last click of her boots tapping against stone, the stairs leveled off into a spacious chamber.\
And she saw Reid, standing there as nonchalantly as though they were at a banquet and not in a torture chamber, not surrounded by blood and death.\
"You're finally here," Reid said. Anna stayed silent and scanned his face carefully. Reid's lips were stretched into a wild grin from ear to ear and his eyes were lit up with feverish energy, but\'85\
"What happened to you?" Anna whispered.\
"You noticed," Reid said, fingers rubbing at the half-dried blood caked on his face and then the horrible gash on the back of his head. "Reid was dead long before you arrived. I'm only borrowing this body for the meantime. It's convenient. Is there anything you want to say to me now that you're here, Anna?"\
Small wonder his voice was layered. It was the Sorcerer's own voice on top of Reid's shriller one when he spoke, but when he called her name, Anna was forcibly reminded of her previous hypnosis. She bowed her head, and that was when she saw it. Laying there on a table was another body. Its skin was sliced apart and held back with pins, the thin membrane spread to showcase dark red tissues. Blood poured freely onto the table and stained the gloves Reid wore, and only now did she notice the scalpel in his hands.\
"Muscles. If you cut in the direction of the lines, they won't sever," Reid said, pointing out the tissues and cutting as he spoke, as though 
\i teaching 
\i0 Anna. "And then continue with the layers\'85" A second layer was peeled back, and then a third, until the still-pulsing organs became visible within an exposed cavity.\
Anna clenched her fists. "Why are you doing this?"\
"\'85Fascinating thing, the human heart," Reid said. Far from the mania of before, his voice was soft now, wistful. Taking off his gloves, Reid reached into the chest of his captive and, to Anna's horror, withdrew the heart with his bare hands. Holding it up to the light as he spoke, he examined it like something precious. "There's this mundane organ that pumps blood throughout the body, and then there's the 
\i heart
\i0  that lets us feel\'85and not just live, but be alive. That's what the reliquary sacrifices most of all."\
"H-How do you know about\'97?"\
"Elsa is not the only one." Reid set the heart back into its place and pointed to his own chest, wry grin on his face. "We are both heartless. But I\'85I was the first."\
"Who are you?" Anna asked.\
Slowly, Reid's smile faded. "Just a dying man. You asked me why I'm doing this, and my answer is this: I want to live, Anna." Reid whirled around, spread his arms wide, and exclaimed, "I want to live! Because I want to experience the world, I want to feel, I want to be someone again\'97" then he spun back around, and this time he was wearing a mask over his face, "\'97because I want to be more than this hideous thing."\
His mask dissipated into shadows and diffused into the air. Anna was horrified that part of her thought she might understand how the Sorcerer felt. But how could she not? Elsa was the same way. But\'85Elsa hadn't chosen to kidnap and murder. Anna took a step back, unable to stop from biting her lip. "It's not an excuse. Look at Elsa\'97"\
"Elsa lives because of me," Reid snarled. Except it wasn't really Reid. It was Reid's face, but whoever the Sorcerer was, whichever face he bore and whichever shell he hid behind didn't matter. Right now, this was the nameless Sorcerer who spoke. "I was the first; I was the 
\i prototype 
\i0 to make sure the reliquary process was safe for Elsa. I was nothing but her guinea pig.\
"Oh, I fed Tobias some drivel that the reliquary was 
\i old magic
\i0 , but\'85Markus was its originator. It was 
\i my own father
\i0 ," spat the Sorcerer, "Markus who ruined me. I was only a child when I sacrificed my heart, but not even the malleability of a child could withstand the loss. Markus learned from my example, Elsa managed to survive it, but what about me? My heart is lost. My heart crumbles away as we speak. I am 
\i dying
\i0 , Anna. I am dying so that Elsa might live. Is it fair that \'97 I \'97 should \'97 die \'97 in \'97 her \'97 place!"\
With each word, Reid released a blast of magic. Anna crouched and covered her head out of instinct, but the wild shots all missed her even as the chamber shook from their impact. Shadows struck the walls, bubbling and hissing before dying away, having eaten away portions of the stone. With a heavy swallow, the Sorcerer subsided.\
"But I don't resent Elsa. It may be that I was imperfect and she was better. It might have even been chance, but she is better than me. And I envy you," Reid said, and Anna looked up to see him calm once again, perhaps even more composed than he ever was. First mania and then fury, and now complete calm. Unpredictable. Unstable. "Someone pure like you is rare. Which is why I wanted to meet you. Can you understand me, Anna, as you understand Elsa?"\
It was silent for an eternity.\
"Regardless, I enjoyed our conversation. I hope you'll forgive me that I excluded Alek and Hans; I thought it a private matter, to discuss the reliquary. Elsa would not have approved," Reid said, curling his hand into a claw and dragging it down through the air. A deep rumble sounded from behind them. "But now that we're past sensitive topics, I will let them join us. Shall we wait and see?"\
"See what?" Anna asked.\
"If they manage to make it," Reid said. "Let me prove to you that humans are base, disgusting creatures."\
Anna spun around to watch the entrance. Of course, the Sorcerer had done something to them. She waited with bated breath, remembering that it had taken her less than a minute to arrive here. Several passed with no sign of either of the brothers. If they were able to come, they should have been here by now. Anna bowed her head while Reid chuckled behind her, the haunting sound all she could hear.\
But just as Anna began to lose hope, there were hurried footsteps.\
Anna looked up to see Alek and Hans burst into the room with swords drawn, both looking beaten and battered, Alek bleeding from a long gash on his cheek and Hans bearing a bruise around his neck, but they were 
\i alive
\i0 . Anna dashed to their side, unable to stop from hugging them both.\
"Is that Reid?" Alek asked, looking over to where the Sorcerer stood with his head tilted to the side.\
"It's not really him," Anna said. "The Sorcerer is just\'85possessing his body. Reid is dead."\
"Let the others go," Alek demanded, raising his sword so that it pointed to Reid's neck. "Those people you took. Where are they?"\
The Sorcerer only laughed and shook his head. "I have no one to return to you. All of them are here," Reid said, and he pointed at his chest. "All of them are part of me."\
Hans narrowed his eyes. "What does that mean?"\
But Anna had an inkling of what the Sorcerer was talking about. All this time, he had spoken of staying alive, of fixing himself, and his fascination with the heart, all the experiments he had carried out\'85\
"I did them a favor," Reid said. "They were the wretches and scum of the earth, destined for nothing, caught in the horror of the tantalizing lie called life. I freed them from misery. I gave them purpose."\
"You're insane," Anna murmured. She had almost fallen for his appeal to her empathy, almost allowed herself to relate him to Elsa. But the Sorcerer was different. No matter how similar they might be he would never be Elsa, and allowing herself to sympathize was the stupidest thing she could have done.\
"Never mind that," Reid said, staring first at Alek and then at Hans. "I admit, I'm not often surprised anymore but you two\'85I didn't know you had it in you. I'm impressed. Especially by you, Hans. You've been on my strings for so long, I wondered if you would ever break free."\
"What does that mean, on your strings?" Hans asked. "I've never even met you\'97"\
"You really thought you were such a master manipulator?" Reid chuckled. "No, Hans. All this time, you were only my proxy. When you spoke to Alvard, I implanted the order in his mind to kill Elsa. When you conspired with Tobias, I gave him the idea to infiltrate the tower. When you talked with Saul, I drove him to jealous rage. Everything you thought you did, Hans, I did for you. It was always me."\
Anna looked at Hans, surprised to find she 
\i wasn't 
\i0 surprised by all that Hans had done. But when she looked at him now, Hans barely looked like himself. All of his confidence had shattered \'97 eyes wide and hands shaking \'97 leaving him drained as any of the corpses the Sorcerer left behind.\
"Pull yourself together," Alek said, and then he turned back to Reid and added, "You can stop with the mind games. You're not going anywhere."\
"What exactly are you going to do to a dead body?" Reid chuckled. "You all aren't as fortunate as me, encased by this husk of flesh and blood. I wish you luck in escaping."\
With that cryptic message, Reid's body crumpled to the floor.\
A loud rumble.\
A dull tremor.\
A heavy groan.\
A series of explosions rocked the entire warehouse, tremors powerful enough to send Anna to her knees. Dust and gravel fell from the ceiling, only a little at first, but then followed by larger and larger chunks of stone that quickly grew to become the size of her fist. Soon, the entire place would collapse.\
"Gunpowder," Alek said, sheathing his sword. "We need to get out of here. Now!"\
Alek pulled Anna to her feet and ran, but when she looked back she noticed Hans still standing there in a stupor. She called out his name, but he didn't respond. She called his name again to the same result. Alek tore away and grabbed Hans by the shoulder, shaking him and screaming, "Now is not the time! Remember what you told me? We have to go!"\
Just like that, Hans snapped out of it. Together the three of them raced up the stairs and back down the corridor they had taken here. Suddenly, it seemed to stretch on forever. Anna dodged the falling debris as best she could, but the rocks had grown larger to nearly the size of her head and the ground shook so badly she could barely keep her balance. Then, just behind them, the ground beneath their feet split with a sharp crack. Anna ran harder, not daring to look either up or down, only straight ahead.\
They burst through the door and they were back in the warehouse, but they weren't safe yet. Whatever structural support the warehouse had wouldn't last long, and they were so deep inside that they still had to sprint the last part out. But they would make it in time. They 
\i had 
\i0 to.\
Except Anna was unused to such rough terrain, such desperate conditions, and even if she had been able to keep up with Alek or Hans, she wouldn't be able to avoid the metal and wood falling like shrapnel. A meter away from the exit, Anna was struck by the edge of a wooden plank and tripped, her ankle twisting under her. Alek shouldered past the door. Hans looked back and saw her trapped. Their eyes met, and suddenly with a sinking feeling in her stomach, Anna knew.\
Hans leaned down, took Anna in his arms, and before Anna could open her mouth to protest, to scream, she was tossed out to safety. She crashed into Alek and rolled outside in a heap, and all they could do was watch the inevitable.\
With Hans still inside, the warehouse collapsed, burying him under a metric ton of iron.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 25: Homecoming
\b0 \
If not for the panic rooting into her mind, Elsa might have perceived that something was not quite right when she reentered her ship. She could only focus on the thought of Anna. All else was pushed aside, and so she thought nothing of it when she saw Oliver sitting there with his back towards her. Elsa forwent grace and ran forward, placing a hand on his shoulder and saying, "We need to go\'97"\
Instinct failed her when Oliver whirled around and slashed at her throat with a concealed knife. Elsa had neither the time nor the ability to move away, balance thrown when Oliver flung off her hand. If Elsa was any other person she would have fallen that instant, dead before she hit the floor, but even dazed with fear and horribly distracted, she was still Queen Elsa.\
Elsa stumbled away from Oliver just as ice rose between them to block his blade, the pristine surface of her barrier barely even scratched by the blow. But even though she was physically unharmed, Elsa felt her mouth dry from both the near-death experience and that it was 
\i Oliver 
\i0 who had attacked. During the past few days, she had come to trust the helpful, considerate strategist. For him to make an attempt on her life now, at this timing, and to watch as he struggled to pull his knife free\'85\
Except his eyes were different.\
"You are not Oliver," Elsa said, but there was no response, save for an unintelligible growl.\
For all his sloppy appearance, Oliver had an easily recognizable spark of intelligence in his eyes. Now that light had dimmed. It was his face but something was missing, leaving vacant eyes that revealed none of his precocious mind. Snarling and pupils dilated, Oliver resembled nothing so much as a rabid animal. It took only a second for Elsa to make the connection; Oliver had been put under spell by the Sorcerer. Certainly before they left, likely for the sole purpose of stalling her at this precise moment when Anna was in danger. Oliver had always been meant as a spring-loaded trap.\
So 
\i this 
\i0 was what must have happened to Alvard. Seeing it up close was enlightening.\
When Oliver wrenched his knife out of her ice and swung again, Elsa bent backwards and ducked under the sloppy blow. Without the element of surprise, Oliver could never match Elsa. Her hand shot forward and clamped down on Oliver's wrist, hard enough that his hand opened and the knife fell to the floor. With a powerful jerk, Elsa righted herself and pulled Oliver down, rime hardening around his wrist like a manacle and spearing down to the floor of the ship to keep him locked down.\
And then Elsa sidestepped her ice and spun on her heel, whipping her arm around to land a solid blow to Oliver's temple while he was still trapped. It was impossible for him to dodge. Oliver slumped to the floor unconscious. Just to be safe, Elsa crushed the knife to powder within a globe of snow and then restrained Oliver with several bands of hardened ice around his wrists and ankles. She had no time for elegance. With a thought, her ship set sail at speeds that could not be matched by any other, abandoning the rest under her command.\
They could find their way back on their own.\
Elsa needed to return before it was too late.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Hans!"\
Anna screamed his name at the top of her lungs, but there was no answer from the wreckage of the destroyed warehouse. She could see nothing through the plume of dust that had erupted. She lay in a heap on the ground with Alek, but the prince appeared too horrified to speak. He only stared at the rubble, lips slightly parted but uttering no sound. Anna tried to get on her feet but fell before she could rise more than a foot, only now feeling the dozens of bruises ribboning across her body. Pain screamed through the abused tendons of her sprained ankle, but Anna fought past it to limp her way to the rubble.\
"Hans!" Anna yelled again, and this time she was joined by Alek hobbling over to yell for his estranged brother. "Hans! Where are you! Hans!"\
It was painful to scream. With the dust clogging in her nose and throat, Anna felt her lungs burn every time she made the slightest noise, even when she breathed, but she never let up calling for Hans. Neither did Alek, perhaps screaming even more desperately than her and now running around the perimeter of the wreckage, trying to squint past watering eyes to see any sign at all of Hans. But after nearly five minutes of their fruitless search, when Alek rounded the warehouse once more and rejoined Anna, Anna's voice fell mute and Alek collapsed to his knees.\
"It's all my fault," Alek whispered. "If I had trusted him more, none of this would have happened. I could have prepared him. I could have\'97"\
"We need to keep looking," Anna said, but hopelessness had latched on to her heart and worse, guilt. Whatever Alek said, Anna knew it was her fault. If she had been stronger, faster, Hans wouldn't have needed to stop to help her. If not for her, Hans would have made it out.\
They both stood silent and unmoving for what felt like an eternity, until the silence was broken by the sound of shifting metal.\
Anna looked over instantly, the shrill noise unbearably loud when there was no other sound. Reluctant hope bloomed in her chest when a rock slid down the slope of the rubble. If this was only a false alarm, she might break entirely. It was agony to decide whether or not to take the chance, to risk disappointment. Another slight movement; Anna raced over without another thought at the same time as Alek, and without a word they began excavating the rubble.\
By now, the commotion had drawn a crowd. Mostly peasants who had come to see what the loud explosion was, but guards as well, and when they recognized Alek despite his dirtied and undignified appearance they endeavored to help. It was just as well; Anna felt her arms shake from the gargantuan weights. Moving some of the crumbled stone and cement was doable but the giant iron beams were beyond any of them alone, perhaps even together.\
Eventually, Anna heard a cough.\
Anna shared a glance with Alek and they began to dig with abandon, desperation magnified by this slight bit of hope. Alek went as far as to push away one of the slower guards and do the work at twice the speed, ignoring his bleeding hands and forging on even as the skin cracked and tore. Finally, Anna gripped one end of a wooden plank and Alek grasped the other, and then they flung it away.\
Below was Hans.\
Anna was too thankful to see the slow rise and fall of his chest to do anything else, suddenly numb with relief. Hans was alive. His eyes were closed, the right one swollen shut, and a terrible gash reached from his forehead to his temple \'97 blood marring his paling face \'97 but he was alive. Alek continued to dig until the top half of his body was freed, but the instant he tried to move the rest of the wreckage away, Hans released a piercing scream and his one eye flew open, bloodshot and veined with red.\
Alek backed away, breathing deeply, but without the pressure Hans subsided. Once again, Alek tried to lift the wreckage, but once again, Hans screamed and Alek was forced to stop. Alek shoved the guards away when they tried to free Hans just as he did, instead barking out orders for them to call the medics. Hans broke into hacking coughs and Anna knelt at his side, grasping his hand without a word, feeling him clutch back as powerfully as he could and yet feebly at the same time. Something wet dragged through the grime on his face, and Anna belatedly realized they were 
\i tears
\i0 .\
She could hardly believe her eyes. Seeing Hans like this would have been unimaginable just the past hour, but here he was now, reduced to tears of pain, and all she could do was watch.\
"H-Help me," Hans gasped. "Please, Anna, Alek."\
"I-I don't know how," Anna replied, bowing her head when she could no longer speak through the strangled knot locked in her throat.\
"I can't move this," Alek said, kneeling down on the other side of Hans. "It's too heavy even if everyone here tried together, and even if we could, not \'97 not without hurting Hans."\
"I can't, I can't feel \'97 I can't feel my legs," Hans bit out, groaning past clenched teeth and struggling to sit up, only succeeding when Alek braced him. He let go of Anna and clutched at Alek with both hands, shaking him with sudden desperate strength. "Alek, please, please, just do something\'97"\
"You'll be fine!" Alek said firmly. "Listen to me. I'll get you out of this."\
Hans took a deep, rattling breath, and then his eyes rolled back and he fell silent. Anna nearly fell into hysteria until Alek shook his head and she saw that Hans was still breathing. Only unconscious. It was for the best. Now he wouldn't feel the pain. She and Alek stayed there until the guards returned, but to her fury, they had brought 
\i Saul
\i0 . Anna wasn't the only one furious to see him.\
"What the hell are you doing here?" Alek snarled, springing to his feet and coming in between Saul and Hans. Even his hand twitched towards his sword.\
"I could ask you all the same," Saul said slowly, taking in the scene without any concern, his nonchalant demeanor igniting visceral hatred in Anna she hardly knew she was capable of. "You should know better than anyone, Alek. Leaving the castle without permission is forbidden. I don't mean to place blame, but see what you've wrought."\
"If you hadn't stripped me of command, then we would have had backup!" Alek said. "None of this would have happened if you hadn't interfered\'97"\
"None of this would have happened if you had obeyed me, stayed inside the castle, and distanced yourself from matters that do not concern you," Saul said.\
When Saul tried to get to Hans, Alek held him back with one hand and growled, "Get. Away."\
"Forgive my arrogance, but I believe I am the most accomplished medic in the Southern Isles," Saul said, and he nodded his head toward Hans. "If you want him to die, then by all means, I'll leave him to your experienced care. I offer my services only if you require them."\
"Just let him," Anna said, but she kept her eyes fixed on Saul and it took every ounce of effort to control her shaking voice, to not cross the distance between them and throttle Saul where he stood with her bare hands. "If Hans doesn't make it\'97"\
"Pardon me, but you will do what exactly?" Saul looked down at Alek's hand, and with a guttural snarl Alek drew back and moved aside. Saul strode past him and knelt, retrieving a case from one of the guards and snapping it open to retrieve materials. Anna could only follow the earliest procedures, the use of disinfectant and then the stitching of the gash, but past that she had no understanding of his efforts. As he worked, Saul said, "If you two are convinced I will not kill him, I would like some privacy."\
Alek might have refused, but Anna led him away. As much as she hated to admit it, right now they could only rely on Saul. She might have despised him at the present moment, but Anna remembered that during their first, much more amiable encounter, Saul had helped her; Alek himself had brought her to him. She and Alek stood aside for several minutes, silent, and Anna wondered about Saul. She retraced the Sorcerer's words and wondered if Alek had been right before, that Saul had done everything to deliberately stall their investigation, that Saul was conspiring with the Sorcerer, but she had no definite answer. All she knew was that Saul had changed dramatically.\
Any other thought vanished when Anna heard Hans scream. She whirled around and saw Saul stepping away, and Alek immediately seized the older prince by his collar, dragging him close and demanding an answer. Saul never broke from his unruffled calm, instead eyeing Alek with a curled lip.\
"Do you realize how much pressure is currently crushing his lower body?" Saul asked. "I've numbed the pain as best I can. But even if by some miracle he survives, saving his legs will be impossible. I'm afraid that Hans will never walk again."\
"So you didn't do anything worth a damn," Alek said.\
"I bought him time for that miracle to occur. In the meantime, I advise you try your best to keep him awake. Now then, if you will excuse me," Saul said, gripping Alek's wrist and throwing his hand away, "I must return to my duties. I'll make sure to commission a funeral dirge from Rafael. Perhaps a portrait from Stefan as well. Have a good day, Alek."\
When Saul turned his back, Anna demanded, "Is that all you're going to say?"\
Saul paused. Without turning back, sounding for the first time the slightest bit less than composed, he answered, "Hans advised me once to never let go of the throne for a woman, but here he is now, giving up his life for the same. I wonder why he has changed, Anna. I bid you a good day as well."\
Anna looked away as Saul strode back to the castle. Hans was awake again, but she hardly knew if that was a good thing. It seemed as though the worst of the pain had passed; Saul had managed 
\i that
\i0  at least. But Hans was left trapped and drifting on the edge of consciousness. Anna and Alek approached again.\
"I'm so sorry," Anna said, barely managing that simple phrase when her tongue felt dry and swollen, her throat parched and thick with words.\
"M-My choice. It's like you said. It just had to be," Hans said, actually laughing a little. Whatever irony he found so funny, Anna found a horrid thing. Hans stopped smiling when he took Anna's hand and added, "You've taught me \'97 taught me so much \'97 so much. I should thank you. Mother would be proud of me again, I think. I'll see her again. Soon. That's all I ever wanted."\
Alek rose to his feet and drew his sword. Anna looked at him with alarm and he said, "Hans, I'm sorry for this, but \'97 I'm going to do it. You can live even without your legs\'97"\
"No!" Hans yelled, straining to sit up and breaking into hacking coughs once again. Even though Anna tried her best to calm him and rubbed his back, Hans never relented, begging again and again through his wheezing breaths, "No! Don't do it, Alek. Please. I-I'd rather you just kill me, I'd rather die, I don't want to live like that\'97"\
"But you would 
\i live
\i0 ," Alek murmured. Hans seemed to be beyond words and never answered. Though his eyes were open and he silently stared out into the distance, what he saw was something neither Anna nor Alek could comprehend.\
Anna shook her head. "You heard what Saul said. I don't think \'97 I don't think Hans could take it. We just need to wait. We'll wait. You'll be okay, Hans."\
"Wait for what?" Alek asked.\
"Elsa," Anna said, and when Alek scoffed she added, "I know she's coming back. I can feel it, so please, we just have to wait. When she's back\'97"\
"How can you be sure?" Alek pointed at Hans and said, "Look at him! We can't wait. This is his one chance, and I'm not going to rely on Elsa based on some magical feeling you have! I'm doing this."\
When raised his sword, jaw clenched and eyes hardened with steely resolve, Anna exclaimed, "It's not even what Hans wants!"\
Alek whirled around to face her. "Do you 
\i want 
\i0 him to die? Do you know what happened down there while you were gone, Anna? Let me tell you. The Sorcerer was in our heads and we would have killed each other, except\'85" Alek barked out a laugh but it was a choked sound, bitter and much too short. "Hans knew to stop. I had just about lost it but 
\i Hans 
\i0 knew to stop. You know why?"\
"Wh-Why?" Anna asked.\
"Because of you," Alek said. "Because he was worried about you, and the thought of keeping you safe woke him from whatever was happening to us. He told me that right then, nothing was more important than you. So I'm going to ask you again, Anna. Are you going to let him die because you have a goddamn 
\i feeling 
\i0 Elsa is going to show up?"\
But it was more than a feeling. Anna knew from the reliquary, could feel Elsa coming closer, but did Alek have a point? Elsa could be too far away. Maybe Elsa wouldn't be able to help even if she came in time. And maybe, just maybe, Elsa would 
\i refuse 
\i0 to help; Anna knew how she felt about Hans, and maybe it was the panic speaking but the horrible thought that Elsa might leave Hans to die suddenly seemed all too possible. Could she really make the decision to give up what might be Hans' last chance to live? His life was in her hands. It was either take a chance now, or take a chance on Elsa.\
"Just do it," Anna whispered.\
When Alek raised his sword, Anna had to look away. But she kept her eyes open. It was bad enough to look away from the damage she had wrought, but to close her eyes too, as if pretending none of this was happening, would be cowardice plain and simple. Anna waited for the inevitable.\
A scream sounded from behind.\
But not from Hans; Anna whirled around to see Alek fling his sword to the ground and collapse, clutching his head with both his hands. "I can't do it," Alek breathed, "I can't actually maim him like this."\
Anna kept silent. Whatever condolences she could offer now were useless. Instead, she silently knelt down next to Alek and wrapped an arm around his shoulder, keeping her eyes trained on Hans and counting each of his shallow breaths, the rise and fall of his chest, like the countdown to his last. She could never recall how long they sat there, waiting, nor could she say what exactly they were waiting 
\i for
\i0 , but time passed like the swing of a pendulum, slow and punctuated.\
Footsteps broke the silence. Anna looked towards the crunch of snow and saw Gustaf striding towards them, Edmund trailing behind in his footsteps with his head down. By now Alek had composed himself and stood to meet them. Gustaf stopped more than a meter away, throwing his arm out so suddenly that Edmund nearly crashed, jerking backwards with a muffled gasp.\
"Hans is still alive?" Gustaf asked.\
"Barely," Alek said.\
Edmund stepped out around Gustaf but stopped again uncertainly, glancing at Alek and then away, but after a moment of seeming indecision he peered over his shoulder. Briefly, he met Anna's eyes, but just like with Alek he looked away, throat bobbing as he swallowed. Then his gaze wandered to Hans and Edmund asked, "But he's going to be all right?"\
Nobody answered.\
"Why are you two here?" Alek asked.\
"We heard what happened. Regretful," Gustaf said, bland tone conveying none of his regret, but his voice sharpened when he continued, "Though one wonders, of course, what brought you three here."\
"I wonder if you don't already know," Alek said, narrowing his eyes at Edmund, and the shorter boy stepped back behind Gustaf, clearing his throat.\
"Let's just go," Edmund said, and Gustaf nodded and turned away. Before he left, Edmund looked over Alek once more, ignoring Gustaf's pointed stare to say, "I-I'll talk to you later, Anna?"\
"Okay," Anna murmured.\
She didn't watch as Gustaf and Edmund left. Alek rejoined her in their silent vigil, watching and waiting as the seconds counted down for Hans, and Anna wondered if there could still be miracles.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa could see it long before her ship banked at the docks.\
Smoke rose in heavy plumes above the warehouse district, thick clouds of grey scattered by the wind and contorted into grotesque figures, marring the perfect white sky of her wintry domain. It rose even above the treetops; Elsa dashed across the snow the instant she arrived, following the trail and smelling the acridity of gunpowder grow stronger with each step. And there was blood, lots of blood, the copper tang practically tangible in the air and forcibly reminding Elsa of her own carnage. But that had been in a battlefield. Whatever happened here should not have happened 
\i here.
\i0 \
She had been close anyhow, and the snow was her ally, speeding her travel with a gentle push. Within minutes of disembarking, she had arrived.\
Elsa took in the ruined warehouse with something similar to shock, a muted variant but genuine surprise nonetheless. Nothing much surprised her nowadays, but to see an entire warehouse blown to smithereens within her own kingdom was quite the anomaly. But she cared nothing for the warehouse itself. When she thought that Anna might have been inside when it collapsed, dismay settled at the base of her stomach like a ball of lead. Her eyes took in the scene more carefully\'97\
"Anna," Elsa whispered.\
Had it only been three days? It felt like an eternity since they had last seen each other. Anna was sitting there, unharmed, and at the sight such powerful relief struck her that Elsa felt lightheaded. It was a testament to the strength of her emotion that Anna immediately turned, no doubt having sensed her by the outburst echoing through their link.\
"Elsa!" Anna cried.\
Anna scrambled to her feet; Elsa opened her arms and Anna ran to her, falling into her embrace as though the act had used up the last of her strength. Elsa was all but holding her up, and she could feel Anna trembling against her. She pulled Anna closer and buried her head into her hair, one hand rubbing her back. Gods, she had missed Anna. Even mingled with the scent of gunpowder and blood, she was so distinctly 
\i Anna 
\i0 that Elsa felt at ease at last. She had missed this more than she realized.\
"You're back," Anna murmured. "You're finally back."\
"I'm back," Elsa agreed. "What's happened?"\
Anna pulled away as though jolted, and she pulled Elsa along towards the warehouse. "Hans \'97 I need you to \'97 Hans! You can help him, I know you can\'97"\
"Help Hans?" Elsa barely had time to utter even that before she noticed Alek there as well, and instantly she dug her heels into the snow. With a single pull, she jerked Anna back and behind her.\
"What are you doing?" Anna said, trying to move forward again, but Elsa continued to hold her back. Alek approached and Elsa kept her eyes fixed on him, even as Anna cried, "We need to help Hans!"\
"Stay right there," Elsa said, watching Alek carefully as he came to a halt. Oliver was still fresh in her mind. For all she knew, any of the princes could have been put under the Sorcerer's influence without their knowing. Any of them might be a danger. "What exactly happened here?"\
"The Sorcerer," Alek croaked. "We were investigating, and then\'85here. We found him here."\
"Never mind that," Anna said, "Hans! Hans is more important\'97"\
"And you brought Anna?" Elsa asked. She could see Hans lying there, half-buried under the rubble, but cold rage filled her veins at the thought of Alek knowingly endangering Anna. It could have been anyone lying there and she wouldn't have cared, let alone Hans, always plotting to undermine her at every turn. Anna cried for her to help, but her pleas fell on deaf ears. Elsa waited for Alek to answer.\
"I-It was a mistake, I'm sorry," Alek said, but his uncharacteristic hesitance irritated rather than mollify. Elsa waited impatiently for him to spit out his words. "But Hans\'97"\
"Enough," Elsa hissed. Maybe it was leftover instinct from the recent war she had returned from, but her voice left in the short, brusque tone she used with the soldiers and it took every bit of self-control not to strike Alek down that instant. Not only had he brought Anna to the Sorcerer, he had the nerve to put her together with Hans too? Gods knew what he was planning. "It 
\i was 
\i0 a mistake. Is that all you have to say? Why did you take 
\i Hans 
\i0 too?"\
All this time, Anna had been calling for her to help. Elsa had ignored her. But at that moment, Anna wrenched her hand out of her grasp and screamed, "Elsa! What is 
\i wrong 
\i0 with you? Will you just help Hans first! He was trapped because he stopped to help me, when 
\i you 
\i0 weren't even here!"\
Very slowly, Elsa turned towards Anna. She was breathing deeply, chest heaving and cheeks red but not from cold, and though even she looked surprised by her outburst, there was nothing to hint that she regretted even a single word. Elsa walked past Anna and Alek, towards Hans, and she took in the pallor of his face. She knelt on the snow and slammed her hands down on the white surface, willing it to move. Beneath the wreckage, snow drilled upwards in several tendrils and shifted the iron plates away in one smooth motion. It took only seconds for her to free Hans.\
"We're heading back," Elsa said. "And we have much to discuss."\
She swept away without looking back.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 26: Fracture
\b0 \
"For three days, I was absent from this kingdom," Elsa said, casting a frigid, baleful gaze around her court. "And what has transpired in these three days? Reid is dead, Hans is crippled. I might have been better served placing one of the kitchen hands in charge. What do you have to say for yourself, Saul?"\
Where the princes stood at attention, heads bowed in deference, Saul was standing at his usual spot once more rather than seated on the throne. Elsa was back on her throne, and Anna stood at her right as she had once for Saul. Except this time, she watched the proceedings with vindictive pleasure. After everything that had happened \'97 or perhaps because she needed to be 
\i distracted 
\i0 from everything that had happened \'97 Anna would be happy to see Saul get his comeuppance.\
Saul stepped out of the line and tilted his head up to answer. Anna fought not to purse her lips at his calm countenance, still perfectly composed despite the charge.\
"Your Majesty," Saul said, bowing, "I might have achieved better results had there not been insurrection among those present. If Your Majesty will allow it, I would explain in private."\
"You think you have the right to demand things of me?" Elsa asked. Clutching the arm of her throne so tightly the skin of her knuckles turned white, Elsa leaned forward, unconsciously releasing a burst of cold air enough to lower the temperature in the throne room by several degrees. Windows frosted over, and even the points of the chandelier above them crystallized with tiny fractals of ice.\
"A request," Saul corrected. "If I may, I believe it would to Your Majesty's advantage."\
All at once, the cold receded.\
"Is that so?" Elsa asked, sounding vaguely interested.\
Anna watched out the corner of her eye as Elsa considered Saul with head tilted to one side, suddenly dangerously calm, lazy, almost, with her eyes half-lidded. All of her previous rage had simply vanished. Something about her demeanor eerily reminded Anna of someone, though she could not place who right that instant. Finally, Elsa leaned fully against her throne. With a light wave of her hand, she dismissed the other princes. But strangely, Alek bent his knees in a half-formed motion as though to turn and leave, and then stopped again with an unsteady wobble. Alek remained motionless while the others filed past him, ignoring their stares.\
Once the four of them were alone, Elsa said, "What do you have to say for yourself, Alek?"\
Alek pitched forward with a grunt, and only now did Anna see the half-circles of ice spiking out of the floor, no doubt having been manacled around the base of his boots. Catching himself on the tips of his fingers, Alek only barely avoided sprawling onto the floor. Saul repositioned himself to the side and stared down, the tiniest hints of a smile at the edge of his lips.\
"Wait! Why are you asking Alek?" Anna said. "What about Saul?"\
"Saul has already reported to me," Elsa answered, turning to Anna with a flat stare. "We only staged this to help you save face, Anna."\
"Nice one, Saul," Alek muttered, straightening and looking upwards at Elsa.\
"Save face?" Anna stepped closer to Elsa, but her expression never wavered from its blank mask. It was so unbearably cold that Anna stopped dead in her tracks. "What are you talking about?"\
"What happened to Reid and Hans can be linked to Alek, and most importantly, you," Elsa said, but she was once again staring down at Alek and never looked Anna in the eye. "Saul is faultless here. Why did you ignore his directives?"\
"He was locking me up!" Anna exclaimed.\
"Evidently with good reason," Elsa retorted. She gripped the arm of her throne, as though fighting to keep looking ahead, but all at once she spun around and fixed Anna with a glare. "Look what happened. If you had stayed in the castle, you would never have been exposed to danger. You could have died!"\
Unbelievable. Elsa was taking Saul's side. Elsa was agreeing with him about locking her up, as though that would have kept her safe. She was 
\i in 
\i0 the castle when she first met the Sorcerer. It had been dangerous for her the moment Elsa left, no matter where she was, and locking her up helped nothing. But she kept silent. For whatever reason, she just didn't 
\i want 
\i0 to tell Elsa anything.\
"Fine, I was putting myself into danger. But what about demoting Alek?" Anna demanded. "It would have made things so much easier if we had the guards with us\'97"\
"I have already explained that I hoped to aid Alek by doing so," Saul interrupted. "Moving with a troop of soldiers would have made it difficult to investigate, and knowing that Alek had less power would make the Sorcerer assured of his safety, more likely to leave behind evidence in his overconfidence."\
"That is the biggest load of\'97"\
"Please, Anna," Elsa said quietly. Anna swallowed her retort, unsure if she was angrier at Saul or at Elsa.\
If Elsa noticed her displeasure, she said nothing about it. Instead, the queen looked directly at her and their eyes met. In that moment, and just that moment, something passed between them. It took place in the instant of a heartbeat, but during that instant Anna understood utterly and completely.\
So 
\i that 
\i0 was it.\
And just like that, the moment passed. Anna pushed the thought away and looked off to the side, and Elsa turned her gaze downwards to the princes waiting below. Elsa continued, with such venom tainting her voice she sounded like an entirely different person, "So then, Alek. Report."\
"With Saul here?" Alek asked.\
"I trust Saul. Whatever you have discovered, Saul can know as well."\
Anna clenched her jaw to keep from screaming.\
Alek reported as Elsa had requested, starting from the beginning of her absence and recounting all the clues they had found: Alvard, the journal, the reports of the missing townspeople, asking around and finally discovering the hollowed basement in the unused warehouse. When he reached being separated from Anna because of the barrier of shadows, Alek stopped. And then Anna remembered \'97 Alek had no idea about the reliquary or any of what had transpired between her and the Sorcerer.\
"I think I should tell you the rest in private," Anna said.\
"If you want," Elsa said. "And Saul, attend to Oliver."\
Alek and Saul left the room, Saul taking a moment to bow before exiting. Anna cleared her throat when Elsa said nothing to her. Now that it was just her and Elsa, the silence felt unbearably more oppressive. It had only been three days. Why did things become so strained between them? Was she overthinking it? Was she the only one who found this situation tense?\
"Will you not speak?" Elsa asked. She rose and took off her crown, placing it on the seat of her throne, and then she walked to the other end of the dais. With her back towards Anna, she looked up towards the chandelier, and the ice coating its surface shifted into blades and hardened.\
"It's harder than it should be," Anna admitted.\
"Have I frightened you?"\
"No." Anna let out a heavy sigh and plopped onto the floor. "I'm just upset."\
"So I have not frightened but upset you then," Elsa said. She turned around, and this time, her eyes were soft. She was the Elsa that Anna recognized at last, eyes not hardened and voice not caustic. It was like a storm had calmed. Anna was quietly pleased when Elsa walked closer and sat down next to her. "I was only concerned. When I knew you were in danger, only to be so far away\'85"\
"I know," Anna said.\
Elsa took her hand, and only when she observed closely did Anna herself realize how battered she was. Her skin was rubbed red and raw from the cold, and her hands doubly so from straining to lift away the rubble entrapping Hans. Now that the last of her adrenaline had run its course, it was replaced by the pain of her bruises, the aches of her bones, the soreness of her muscles. Anna blinked when Elsa raised her hand and pressed a kiss to the back of her fingers.\
"I'm sorry I wasn't here," Elsa murmured.\
"You didn't have a choice."\
"Then I'm sorry for my conduct." Elsa lowered Anna's hand, but she kept her head bowed while she rubbed slow circles into her skin. "I was too harsh with you, and I did not explain myself. When I was returning, I was attacked by Oliver. I was wary of Alek doing the same when we first reunited."\
"You mean\'85"\
"Any of them might be under spell, and even they wouldn't know it," Elsa said.\
"But then, I might be too," Anna said. Elsa immediately looked up, but though she was alarmed she was not \'97 as she put it \'97 wary. Anna was glad for that, just a little. "I-I met the Sorcerer inside the castle. Not face to face, but I heard him in my head and then I blacked out, and I'm just worried that something might be wrong with me now\'97"\
"Nothing is wrong with you," Elsa said firmly.\
"Alek said that too after checking my eyes. " Anna took a deep breath. "But you said that it might not be obvious. It might only be after a while."\
"And neither of us can know for sure, but wouldn't now be as good a time to strike as any? I have no defenses around you," Elsa said. "You possess a shard of my reliquary. Maybe it protected you. Maybe it was impossible for the Sorcerer to do anything more to you."\
"But what if there 
\i is 
\i0 something wrong?"\
"Then I will make it right."\
Anna laid her head against Elsa and closed her eyes. She had missed this. She felt safe with Elsa close by. No matter what she said, the past three days had been hell and the brave face she put on had been worn down with everything that had happened, until it was finally shattered by meeting the Sorcerer, by what happened to Hans. Elsa was here at last. Anna could feel the comforting cold against her skin, not like the harsh winter outside but only the light breeze that was Elsa. She could feel the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed\'97\
But there was no heartbeat.\
"The Sorcerer made a reliquary too," Anna said, and she felt Elsa tense. "Markus made him do it when he was still just a kid, so that you could do it too but do it right. He told me that he was your prototype. He told me that his heart is crumbling away."\
"He was lying," Elsa said. "Markus would never do that."\
"But\'97"\
Elsa pulled away from Anna and held her shoulders, eyes narrowing just a fraction. "Markus researched the reliquary as a way to protect the Southern Isles, but he discarded the idea as dangerous, long before he ever found me. The Sorcerer was lying."\
"Just think about it," Anna urged. "You ended up making one. If he thought it was so dangerous, why did he ever teach you how?"\
"Markus never wanted me to sacrifice my heart. I made that choice myself," Elsa retorted. "I ignored his warnings, and now I don't know who I am, I don't know how to feel\'97"\
"You're hurting me," Anna whispered.\
Elsa was gripping her shoulders so tightly that Anna felt shocks of pain jolt through her already bruised skin. And the cold aura that Elsa always projected had spiraled outwards, stronger, so that the cool breeze became a frigid chill. For the first time, Elsa had lost control around Anna. She let go the instant Anna said something, but for the first time, she had unconsciously hurt her.\
"I'm sorry," Elsa said quickly.\
"It's fine. I'm fine," Anna said.\
Elsa tilted her head again and it struck Anna why the habit reminded her so much of someone. It was the Sorcerer. When they had spoken, he had also considered her the same way. And, Anna thought with a trickle of horror, Elsa had much the same mannerisms. Just like the Sorcerer, Elsa had shown bursts of rage and then sudden calm, switching between the two extremes as easily as someone might change masks. Even their desires to find themselves, the search for identity, all of it horribly alike\'97\
"Let's get some rest," Elsa said. "It's been a long day."\
"It has been," Anna answered. "It really has."\
Anna followed behind Elsa, but despite herself, she felt the phantom pain of that tight grip around her shoulders every step of the way.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb1 Elsa is not the only one. We are both heartless.
\i0 \
Anna jolted up in bed, clutching the sheets with a death-grip as cold sweat ran down the side of her face. She doubled over, and then clapped a hand to her mouth to keep from vomiting. She felt feverish, body weighted down and joints sore and aching. With far greater effort than should have been needed, Anna wiped away the sweat on her forehead. Just the motion alone was difficult, like the air actively pushed against her hand as she moved. Taking several deep breaths to try to calm herself, Anna looked around.\
It was still night out. At her side, Elsa slept peacefully, or as peacefully as she ever slept, her face void of emotion and her body completely still as her breathing ceased. It took conscious effort for her to breathe; Elsa only did it for her sake, to make her more comfortable. Otherwise, Elsa didn't need to any longer. Even sleep was a bare necessity. Anna knew she used to only close her eyes for a few minutes a night to recharge, and that was the extent of her sleep.\
Watching Elsa sleep, so reminiscent of a corpse, only reminded Anna again that Elsa was not whole.\
"What am I thinking?" Anna groaned.\

\i You are comparing the two of us. You think we are alike, because we are two of a kind, and what you are seeing now is only the truth.
\i0 \
It was 
\i his
\i0  voice again. Anna would have screamed if she were able, but her head snapped back from the force of her jaw locking against her will. She couldn't even turn to look at Elsa. She could only look out the corner of her eye but Elsa was still fast asleep, unaware of what was occurring. A dull laugh cut through her thoughts and echoed, as though her mind was an empty chamber.\

\i Do not deny it, Anna. Denial is what made Elsa and I what we are. Use us both as an example. Do not ever deny fact. Elsa and I are the same.
\i0 \
Anna couldn't say it. She could only think in her mind, again and again, that the Sorcerer was wrong, that she wasn't denying anything, that Elsa was nothing like him. But the thought had been planted. For every way that Anna could think of how Elsa was different, she could think of a similarity between them. She had these thoughts even before, but now, trapped and with the insidious voice of the Sorcerer whispering in her ear, they were all she could think of.\

\i Elsa is just like\'97
\i0 \
Elsa was just like him.\
"Anna! Wake up!"\
Anna jolted up in bed, clutching the sheet with a death-grip, but this time she looked to the side, chest heaving with desperate breaths, and saw Elsa watching her with concern. Elsa reached out to her. Anna jerked away. She found her voice this time and screamed. She dragged the blankets up like a barrier between them, and as she continued to take in deep gulps of air, Anna realized what she had just done. She looked down as Elsa slowly retracted her hand, eyes hardening.\
"I'm sorry," Anna said. "I'm so sorry, I was just scared\'97"\
"Get some sleep," Elsa said.\
Anna widened her eyes. What had she just said to Elsa? It was stupid. It was the one thing that Elsa would never want to hear from her.\
"I didn't mean it like that! I wasn't scared of you\'97"\
"I understand. It was just a dream. Goodnight, Anna."\
It was obvious that she did not understand. Anna was suddenly reminded of the Elsa she had first met months ago, when she had first arrived at the Southern Isles and Elsa still hid and distanced herself behind a veneer of politeness. But no, worse. Elsa had only been distant then. It was the flat tone she used now, words carrying nothing behind them. It was a dead voice.\
Anna felt her mouth dry when Elsa lied down in bed again with her back towards her.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 When Anna woke the next day, Elsa was gone.\
She wasn't surprised. If their roles had been reversed, Anna wouldn't have wanted to see herself either. Part of her was relieved, too, that she could avoid the fallout of that disastrous conversation, but the other half wished desperately that Elsa had stayed so that she could apologize properly. Elsa had left a short note on her spot in bed, telling her that she had to deal with the aftermath of the destruction left in the Sorcerer's wake. Anna considered going to visit Elsa in her office as she so often did, so easily, but that had been before. It was different now.\
She stayed.\
Anna rose from bed, feeling the beginnings of a headache. Not strong, but there was an undeniable pounding at her temple. Her shirt was plastered to her back by sweat, and her hair, far from its usual frizzy, tangled mess like most mornings, was stuck to her cheeks and forehead. Anna lumbered to the bathroom and splattered water onto her face, looking up from the washbasin to stare at her reflection in the mirror. She felt better. Not great, but definitely better.\
Outfitted in one of her normal, everyday dresses, Anna missed the dress of ice that Elsa had made for her. She had been forced to switch out of it after being doused in wine by Reid, but she had missed it dearly from the moment she had lost it. Not because of its protection, though Anna supposed it would have helped with being exposed to the cold winter air. It was a gift from Elsa. It was the proof that she could relearn control, and by extension, relearn emotion.\
It would have been assuring to see it one more time.\
Anna wasn't brave enough to ask Elsa for another.\
Considering that Elsa was currently hard at work, Anna figured that now would be a bad time to bother her, even to apologize for last night. Anna instead wandered aimlessly around the castle for a time. She raided the pantries and ate breakfast by herself, listlessly passing the time, before she realized that Edmund had wanted to speak to her. She could visit him now. It felt like so long since they had talked that Edmund, who had been her closest friend here in the Southern Isles, seemed like a stranger. It was only two days, but far too much suspicion stood between them.\
Anna groaned and hid her face in her hands. All of her relationships were falling to pieces.\
But she could still visit Alek.\
Strange that he had not come to find her, actually. Knowing Alek, he should have been barging into her life with some awkwardly phrased question about her health and safety, violating more than one code of social conduct in the process. Where had he gone? Come to think of it, she had no idea what was decided for him after Elsa had dismissed him.\
Anna left the kitchens and made her way to the princes' wing. It was a rare occasion that none of the princes were in the lounge area, but today the halls were completely empty. Maybe because of what had happened. Anna walked down the familiar corridor with thirteen rooms spaced out, eerily quiet today, until she arrived at the ninth. At the sight of it, she gasped aloud.\
The door to Alek's room had been affixed with a giant metal gate, locked and bolted by several layers of strange wheeled contraptions. Anna couldn't even begin to make heads or tails of it. She approached it carefully and knocked, hearing the metal rattle but unsure if it would even get through to the other side.\
"\'85Who is it?"\
Anna could have slumped to the floor in relief when she heard Alek. "H-Hey! It's me, Anna. You know, your friend who didn't mean to get you locked up?"\
"At least you learned how to knock," Alek said, and Anna could just barely hear him snort. She wondered if he purposefully did it louder so she 
\i could
\i0  hear.\
"So, uhh, how are you?" Anna winced the moment the question left her mouth.\
"As you can see, I'm under house arrest." Alek banged on the metal gate from his end and laughed too loudly, cheer sounding horribly forced. Alek never was very good at acting. "So I have definitely had better days. Should've taught you how to pick locks while I had the chance."\
"I don't think this one can be picked," Anna said, eyeing the ugly gate closely.\
"I was kidding. I hope you weren't actually considering it."\
Anna looked away, fighting the urge to clear her throat. "Of course not."\
Alek was silent for a time, and Anna wondered if he had maybe fallen asleep or given up at talking to her. Now probably wasn't the best time. She had chafed at the idea of being locked up when Saul had given the decree, and she could imagine the likeminded prince going insane being cooped up in his room. Did Alek need space, or did he need companionship? Nothing was easy.\
"Hey," Alek said suddenly. "Have you checked up on Hans?"\
"\'85No," Anna said.\
She had never even considered the possibility. Not because she didn't care. On the contrary, she cared too much. It would be easy to shift the blame to the Sorcerer, but Anna also knew that if not for her carelessness, Hans would never have been injured so badly. If she visited and he was still in the throes of pain, what could she do? Or if she visited and he was finally conscious, what could she say?\
"I get it," Alek said. "It's easy for me to think about visiting him. I'm trapped here, I couldn't actually go no matter how much I wanted to. I don't actually have to face him. But you\'85"\
"I will," Anna said. "I'll go right after."\
"\'85That's good."\
"So! Why exactly are you behind this thing?" Anna rapped her knuckles against the gate. "Seems like overkill for little old you. No offense, but you're not really that dangerous. What are you going to do, smash your thick head against this and bust your way out?"\
"Wow, thank you for that."\
"My jokes cheered you up?"\
"I was depressed before," Alek said. "I'm suicidal now."\
Anna choked on air, but Alek laughed and she heard three quick taps on the other end. She sincerely hoped that he was 
\i not 
\i0 actually banging his head against the gate, but knowing him, anything was possible. She would honestly not be surprised to see his head poke through the metal any moment now. Impressed, definitely, but not surprised.\
"Pretty sure that Elsa thinks I'm with the Sorcerer," Alek said.\
"Wait, what?" Anna narrowed her eyes. She had to have misheard.\
"Makes sense when you think about it. I led you to him," Alek said, and Anna could practically hear the shrug in his voice. "Bad move on my part."\
"And that's why you're trapped in there?"\
"We screwed up. Whoever the Sorcerer is, he must be laughing at us right now," Alek sighed. "Not to mention whether Saul is consciously helping him or not, the Sorcerer must have done 
\i something 
\i0 to him. And Elsa trusts him over me right now. Not good."\
Maybe over 
\i her 
\i0 too, Anna thought.\
"Go to Hans," Alek said. "You don't have to worry about me."\
"All right. Try not to go crazy."\
Anna tapped on the gate and Alek tapped back on the other end, and she set off down the hallway once more. Alek was ninth and Hans was thirteenth, so despite the generous spacing between rooms, theirs were relatively close together. In no time at all, Anna had arrived. Summoning up her courage, she knocked on the door. Thirty seconds passed without answer. Anna knocked again and waited another thirty seconds. She knocked a third time.\
"It's Anna. A-Are you awake?"\
She pressed her ear to the door just in time to hear a loud crash from within, followed by a pained groan. Forgetting about manners, Anna burst into the room. Hans was sprawled on all fours against the floor at the far end of the room, his blankets strewn all around him, and Anna could guess that he must have fallen from bed. Far from his usual immaculate appearance, Hans had allowed his hair to hang over his forehead. His eyes were rimmed with black circles, and his skin had taken on a sickly pale pallor that reminded Anna uncomfortably of the late Tobias.\
To her horror, Hans tried to push himself up on his arms and once again collapsed to the floor.\
She realized that he could no longer walk.\
"Hans!" Anna rushed over to help, pulling Hans' arm over her shoulder and half-lifting, half-balancing his weight, she successfully moved him back into bed. "A-Are you all right? Do you need\'97? Should I\'97?"\
"Fine!" Hans said, tearing away from Anna as though her touch burned. Anna swallowed and stepped back, and Hans said again, softer, "I'm fine."\
"Okay," Anna murmured. "I-I'm glad."\
Hans ran a hand through his hair and dragged it back, but despite his efforts his bangs fell just a moment after. "Why are you here?"\
"I wanted to apologize. I'm so, so sorry\'97"\
"I told you already that it was my choice. You have nothing to be sorry for," Hans said. Releasing a dry, bitter laugh, he patted his legs. "I feel sorry enough for myself already, so please don't feel sorry for me."\
"I-Is there no chance that your legs might\'85?"\
"None. It was too much pressure, for too long. But I get to keep them at least. If Alek had his way, I might be even more of a freak than I am now."\
"Alek was only worried about you too," Anna said.\
Hans clenched his jaw, a muscle twitching in the side of his face. "Down there in that place, I attacked him. Why is he worried about me?"\
"Because you're brothers."\
"Brothers," Hans repeated, spitting the word out like something dirty, eyes coming to life with a flare of the old hate that he hid so masterfully. But the next moment, his eyes dimmed. "If we weren't born to this wretched family, Alek and I might have been\'85close."\
"It's not too late."\
Hans scoffed and spread his arms wide. "Look at me, Anna. It's too late for anything. There is nothing left for me but to sit here and atrophy like useless baggage."\
"It's not the end of the world," Anna said, but she regretted the weak assurance immediately. She sounded patronizing even to herself. Desperate to correct herself, she elaborated, "You can move around with a wheelchair, or use crutches, and once you get used to it\'97"\
"Why did you save me?" Hans asked, staring straight ahead at the wall, and Anna had no answer for him. "Well? Now you know what I did. I talked Alvard into trying to kill Elsa, and I talked Tobias into luring you to the tower. Or, more accurately," Hans said, barking out another short laugh, "I thought I did. But I was being played all along. I was just a 
\i proxy 
\i0 to that 
\i monster
\i0 , and I was deluded enough to think that I was avenging my mother?"\
"Hans\'85"\
"And now look at me!" Hans clutched at his crippled legs, tightly enough that it should have hurt. But of course he could feel nothing. It only angered him more that he could not. "I'm worthless; I might as well be dead. Worse than dead! At least a rotting corpse would feed the insects, but look at me. I'm just sitting here uselessly 
\i waiting 
\i0 to die. Just sitting here like a goddamn 
\i vegetable
\i0 , and everything I thought I accomplished was a lie!"\
Anna stood there in silence as Hans breathed rapid, shallow breaths that did nothing to calm him, and she could think of nothing to say that would ever be enough to console him. She pitied him, though she knew that was the last thing he would want. Hans had been tall and proud, full of ambition. Seeing him now, crippled and broken, lost, made her want to rage at the unfairness of the world. It really should have been her lying there, not Hans.\
"\'85It's not your fault. And I should thank you," Hans muttered. "Out of all the things I've done, saving you might be the one thing my mother 
\i would 
\i0 be proud of. But I need to be alone right now, Anna."\
"I understand," Anna said.\
She backed out of the room and shut the door behind her, pretending that she didn't see Hans staring out the window into a world he could no longer venture.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 27: Prisons and Misgivings
\b0 \
"Describe to me exactly what happened and how you felt while under control. Spare no details. Even the most insignificant observation might be of use."\
Elsa watched Oliver as he considered, following each and every motion with a careful eye. Oliver was not a prisoner and so she left his hands unbound, but she kept her distance and stood behind her desk rather than sit, ready to counter at the slightest hint of insurrection. She doubted he would try to attack her again. Even if he 
\i did
\i0  he was no danger, but there was no harm in caution. At the very least, with greater distance between them she would be able to stop herself from killing the prince on reflex.\
"It was like\'85" Oliver grimaced. "Speaking plainly, Your Majesty, I'm afraid I am unable give you the full details. Each time I think back on the memory, the hazier it becomes."\
"Which was why I summoned you here so promptly."\
Oliver nodded. "It was a peculiar sensation. I was waiting, and all was as it should be, and my thoughts were my own. And then\'85I heard a voice. In my head, I heard someone speak."\
"Describe them."\
"I-It was not a beautiful voice that he spoke with," Oliver said quickly, and a shudder wracked through the length of his body. "I wish it were some silky thing. If it were so false then I might be free of its clutches now, but \'97 I admit that I'm shaken. It was a very 
\i human
\i0  voice."\
Considering what Anna had told her about the Sorcerer, he was far from human. Elsa frowned. Perhaps he was better than her at pretending. "How was it human?"\
"Imperfection," Oliver said. "It was full of imperfection. It was a broken voice, and somehow his pain became my pain too, and when he spoke, everything he said made sense. I had never heard anything more reasonable in my life, and I couldn't understand why I had never thought the same as him before. And then the pain and the suffering became too much for my mind to handle, and I \'97 I snapped."\
"You attacked me," Elsa said.\
"Yes. I attacked you because that man told me to attack you. I was so blinded by anguish that I couldn't do anything but. I wanted\'85" Oliver pause, exhaling and rubbing his eyes. "I just wanted to be told what to do. I needed guidance, and he gave me direction. I became convinced that I wanted to attack you."\
"What exactly did he tell you?"\
"I don't remember. It wasn't the words that mattered. I wasn't convinced because of his words, or even his voice. It was just the idea finally being introduced. I was convinced before he ever had to try."\
Elsa frowned. "From what you are telling me, it sounds as though\'85"\
Oliver dropped to one knee and bowed his head. "I never needed to 
\i be
\i0  convinced because I had always 
\i been 
\i0 convinced. What he told me was only the thoughts I always had, deep down."\
"Which would explain why it sounded reasonable," Elsa mused. "So then, this brainwashing\'85"\
"It is not brainwashing at all," Oliver finished. "This brand of hypnosis targets subconscious desire and removes your inhibition. If there had never been a preexisting desire to manipulate, I would not have done what I did. I beg your forgiveness, Your Majesty."\
"\'85You have always 
\i wanted 
\i0 to kill me, then. Or at least wanted me gone," Elsa amended, cutting off the strangled protest about to leave Oliver's lips. She sat down and waved her hand. "Rise, Oliver."\
"Y-Your Majesty?"\
"I would be surprised, even doubtful, if you harbored no resentment towards me at all," Elsa said. "I am not of your blood, and yet this throne that should be passed through your family has become mine. It is admirable that you have repressed yourself for so long."\
Oliver bowed. Once again he fell to his knees, and this time he bowed over completely and placed his forehead flat against the floor. "If I could wipe out that part of me that selfishly wanted the throne returned to us, I would. It has been our honor to have you as Queen. Please forgive me, Your Majesty."\
"You are only human," Elsa said, laughing a small, wry laugh, but she offered no explanation when Oliver looked at her questioningly. "But thank you, Oliver. You are dismissed."\
Oliver did not protest this time. Rising from the floor, the eleventh prince backed out of the door and shut it behind himself, leaving Elsa by herself.\
She felt terribly alone. It was a reality she had always known, but only through her own reasoning. Now cold, hard 
\i fact
\i0  had proven that all the princes bore grudges against her. Alvard had made it obvious, and his attack on her hardly needed the explanation of sorcery. But even Oliver, unfailingly helpful and one of the rare few princes not ambitious for power, had chafed under her rule. She could trust no one. She could never let down her guard for an instant, even at her own home.\
There was still Anna.\
If there was anyone she could trust, it was her.\
But could she 
\i really
\i0  trust Anna?\
At one time, Anna had hated her for conquering Arendelle. Arendelle was 
\i still 
\i0 under her rule, forced into subservience, and worse, suffering now from a drought only being relieved by the handouts Elsa deigned to give them like delivering scraps to a starving dog. How did Anna feel about her now? She professed love. But could every last trace of her previous contempt be gone, or had she only become better at hiding it? Was Anna a threat like all the others?\
"Something troubles you."\
Elsa jerked back in her seat when the deep rumble of a voice broke through her concentration. Without her conscious command, a jagged wall of ice rose in a semicircle around her desk. Behind the icicles jutting forward and hovering an inch away from his eyes, Gustaf blinked once and sighed wearily. Elsa took several deep breaths to calm herself, and slowly the icicles retracted and the wall collapsed into a pile of crystal shards.\
"How did you get in without me noticing?" Elsa asked.\
"You were so distracted that you might not have noticed the world ending around you, let alone a single shell of a man." Gustaf chuckled and shook his head, more so to himself than for her sake. Claiming a seat at the sofa and dwarfing the thing with his bulk, Gustaf asked, "What troubles you?"\
"What makes you think that I would tell you?"\
"Nothing," Gustaf said. "I was only offering advice should you seek it."\
"You think I would seek it from you?"\
Gustaf shrugged. "You are too far gone to ask for help, too far gone, perhaps, to recognize that you are not infallible. It is not so shameful to be human."\
No. Gustaf was wrong. Maybe she had needed guidance once, but no longer, not from him, not from anyone. Just as she prepared to reply, Gustaf cocked an eyebrow as though preempting her response and Elsa bit back her retort, willing herself to calm down. She hid her anger. It wouldn't do to reveal her hand now. Every time they spoke she had the nagging suspicion that Gustaf knew more than he let on, and if he offered his information freely, well\'85\
She would play his game.\
"You are speaking of more than needing assistance," Elsa said, watching the man carefully, taking in each and every motion that might betray his thoughts. "All this about being human\'85"\
"Perceptive as always, though perhaps not always accompanied with the proper insight." Gustaf only smiled when Elsa narrowed her eyes. "Well, continue on."\
"What do you know about being human?" Elsa asked.\
"I believe that we are not born with humanity."\
Of all the answers she had been expecting, that was not one.\
"Pardon?"\
"Self is a difficult concept, and solitude breeds contempt. Often, we need assistance," Gustaf said, still smiling that small, sardonic smile, but now Elsa noticed the bitter tinge that marred his face like poison seeping through his lined skin. "We must learn those things that make us human. But\'85my chance has been robbed from me." Absentmindedly rubbing at his left ring finger, Gustaf asked, "Has it been for you as well, Elsa?"\
"\'85Not robbed. Freely given," Elsa said.\
Gustaf hummed low in the back of his throat. "But a cage is only a cage when one does not realize its existence. If you can recognize the prison encaging you, then you are in your mind already free. Evasion, denial, delusion\'85" Gustaf said, looking directly into her eyes as Elsa wondered just 
\i what 
\i0 he knew about her, "I expected more from you."\
"\'85Why?"\
"You remind me of myself, I suppose."\
Gustaf rose, seemingly pushing off the sofa with great effort, hulking frame almost clumsy. But Elsa had always been able to see the deadly grace lurking behind his movements. Gustaf hid it well, but he had been trained just as she had, perhaps even better. All the others believed him to be obsolete, atrophied since falling out of favor with Markus. Elsa knew better. Perhaps Gustaf did not purposely hide it at all. Elsa was beginning to think him so weary that he simply no longer cared to keep up a front as she did.\
"How?" Elsa asked.\
She asked, but she could see it too, their similarity.\
Gustaf paced the room and strode to the grandfather clock. It was about to strike twelve. Its hand was seconds away from reaching the peak, ticking down each one with a steady click as Gustaf observed, frowning so heavily the lines of his face creased. And then with one second to go, Gustaf reached out and pinched the pointer between his thumb and index. With a shuddering rattle, the clock halted.\
"We are both out of time. Do you see now what we have lost?" Gustaf asked.\
When he let go, the clock never resumed.\
Elsa looked away. She was losing control of this conversation before she ever gained it. She did not see and yet she could understand, just a little. Hovering on the barest edge of comprehension, she could feel the pain of loss and yet could not name 
\i what
\i0  she had lost.\
"I cannot." Elsa forced her eyes to focus on Gustaf again, but her voice betrayed her. She could not speak louder than a whisper. "I would have sent you to Baaj. You would have been reunited with your family. Would you not be happier far away from all this?"\
"My family is gone," Gustaf chuckled.\
"\'85Gone?"\
"I was lost and then I found purpose. When I failed," Gustaf said, chuckle fading with an abrupt pause, "I lost it again. I have no future anymore. If you will heed my advice, Elsa, I offer you this\'97"\
"I will not," Elsa said quickly.\
Gustaf nodded, moved to the door and, without waiting for dismissal, left her.\
Elsa sat back against her chair and closed her eyes.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 After Hans, Anna was at a lost where to go.\
She began the walk back where she came, unsure of her destination but unwilling to do nothing. Maybe a walk would clear her mind. She was more than just confused, her thoughts turbulent, jumping from one thought to the next before the last had ever finished forming. Elsa was distant, Alek was imprisoned, Hans was withdrawn. Unwittingly, one other person came to her mind, one other person she might possibly confide in.\
Alek had warned her that Edmund might be dangerous, but part of Anna still refused to believe it. It was Edmund, the second of the princes she had met but the first she had befriended. It was Edmund who had encouraged her all this time, Edmund who had guided her to Elsa. Edmund, who smiled and laughed and was so much like her, could not be dangerous, not to Anna.\
But before she could make a decision, Anna passed the twelfth room.\
Maybe it was for the best.\
Anna kept walking, but she stopped when she heard a noise coming from the eleventh room. She had just passed it, but the sound of trickling water was difficult to ignore in the silent hallway. Eleventh, so that room had belonged to Reid. When the noise sounded again, Anna investigated against her better judgment. Pushing the door open, Anna looked in.\
It was Edmund.\
Anna assumed that the out-of-place miniature table in the middle of the room had not always been there, so it was likely Edmund had carted that in himself. Edmund sat on the floor on one end of the table with a glass of red wine in his hand, though Anna could see much of it had been spilled onto the carpet. On the other end of the table was another, untouched glass of wine. Beside him was a wine cart, filled with reds and whites and more, adorned by several types of glasses.\
"Oh, Anna," Edmund said. Strangely, he held out his glass with one hand, braced his arm with his other, and deliberately poured out his wine on the floor, moving in a slow horizontal line until the last of the wine trickled out.\
"What are you doing here?" Anna asked. And then she remembered how Edmund had once burned incense in the library for Tobias. "Another mini-funeral for Reid?"\
"You guessed it. Libation is a strange superstition, but I hope that Reid gets this." Edmund stood and gestured at the wine cart, at the same time sliding out another bottle and appraising it with a fine eye. "Pinot Noir. Reid always did like his drink, so I figured\'85"\
"I remember," Anna said.\
She remembered well. Reid had forced her to indulge in his habit as well.\
"It's not an excuse, but Reid was drunk and frustrated and \'97 I'm just saying that he wouldn't have attacked you if he had been in his right mind," Edmund stammered. Afterward, he busied himself opening the bottle of wine.\
"How do you know about that?" Anna asked, and Edmund stilled.\
"\'85What do you mean?"\
"I never told you about Reid attacking me," Ana said. "I never even saw you again after that. Only Alek and Hans know, and they wouldn't have told you. So how do you know?"\
Instead of answering, Edmund popped off the cork of his Pinot Noir. Picking up his glass, he refilled it to a third and stopped. "Word gets around," Edmund said, bringing the glass up to his nose and sloshing the wine about, getting a good sense of its aroma. Satisfied, he made to pour it out.\
"Alek suspects you," Anna said.\
Edmund paused midway through pouring the wine for Reid. Bending down, he placed the glass back on the table, then straightened and smiled at Anna. It was not his usual smile. Lacking something. If Anna were honest, his smile was not genuine. It looked pained, and stiff, as though his facial muscles had not been worked in some time.\
"I'm not surprised," Edmund said. "I know I look suspicious."\
"You really do."\
"Do you suspect me?"\
"No," Anna said immediately, and Edmund frowned. It was maybe the first time Anna had ever seen him frown like this. His expression carried an edge that it never possessed before. Just this once, he looked his age and she was reminded that the boy was older than her.\
"You should suspect me," Edmund said. "Why don't you suspect me?"\
"Because I have faith," Anna said, and Edmund's frown deepened.\
"Why do you have faith though?" Edmund asked again, crossing his arm over his chest and rubbing at his temple with his free hand. "What if you were wrong? What if I 
\i was 
\i0 behind all this?"\
"If I were wrong, then I would have been wrong. Nothing else. You can't live life never being wrong. Worrying about it is pointless," Anna said, and Edmund widened his eyes as though she had said something much more incredulous. It was only common sense to Anna. "I would rather have faith and be proven wrong once or twice than doubt everyone around me."\
Chuckling, Edmund slid down the wall and slumped to the floor. "You're really something else, Anna. I said that optimism was my one redeeming trait, but as expected you 
\i are
\i0  better than me."\
"Not better," Anna said. "After all, you taught me."\
Edmund whipped his head up to stare with wide eyes. "You're saying that, what, you learned from me?" Anna said nothing. A moment later his eyes dimmed, and he looked away with a tiny snort. "On the contrary, I'm learning from you. I wish I were brave like you, Anna."\
"...Is there something you want to tell me?"\
"No," Edmund said quickly. "I cannot tell you anything. Just remember to be careful, Anna. Please take care of yourself. As for your faith\'85"\
"I won't change," Anna said.\
Edmund nodded. "I expected nothing less."\
Anna left him to his funeral.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 A week already.\
It had been a week since Elsa returned and the tension between them never lessened in the slightest, had maybe even worsened as more and more time passed with their troubles unresolved. Anna could count on one hand the number of conversations they had held. It was infuriating.\
Mornings were an uncomfortable experience. Each time Elsa rose at some ridiculously early hour, Anna considered pretending she was still asleep despite being wide-eyed and, though she was not well-rested, so filled with nervous energy that she could never sleep for more than four hours. She might have tried to just shut her eyes, if only to avoid the inevitable strained platitudes. Anna never did, though. Elsa would see through her clumsy act without even trying, but Anna also knew that their strained morning ritual was the majority of their interaction nowadays. She wouldn't miss it.\
"Good morning," Elsa said stiffly.\
"Good morning," Anna said back, holding in her sigh.\
"Did you sleep well?"\
"Yeah," Anna would say, despite the black circles starting to develop around her eyes, and despite knowing the answer, Anna felt obligated to ask, "You?"\
"Well enough," Elsa would answer. Which was her way of saying that she had not slept at all. It was 
\i well enough
\i0  because she didn't actually need to sleep. "I'll be in my office."\
"You always are."\
By the time Anna mustered the courage to say that, Elsa had already crossed the room and could not hear, would not turn around for her.\
And when they had meals together, Elsa reverted back to her old habit of forgoing food, though unlike before she seemed to have little interest in even watching Anna. She sat there deep in thought, sometimes swirling a glass of wine around, other times not even bothering to pretend at all.\
One day, Anna told her, "You should eat."\
"You know I have no need," Elsa answered. Today she sat with her hands neatly folded in her lap, chin raised and back straight. Only her clothing reflected any informality at all, her sharper, armored guise discarded in favor of an elegant gown made of some light, floaty material, but her demeanor was the same as when she sat before her court.\
"How does that work?" Anna asked on impulse. Elsa tilted her head, and Anna continued, repressing a shiver at the blank expression, "How come you don't need to eat?"\
Elsa frowned and looked away.\
"How come?" Anna asked again.\
"I am sustained by the magic of the reliquary," Elsa said, finally turning her gaze on Anna. A tiny spark smoldered there though she tried to repress her anger. It burned. Not like flame, but the bite of frost.\
"What does that mean?" Anna asked quietly. Only when she consciously did so did Elsa breathe. She needed neither food nor drink. Her heart no longer beat, the essential, human part of it carved out.\
Anna knew long before Elsa answered, and Elsa knew that she knew so she never bothered.\
"It's not just that the reliquary is sustaining you. It's all that's keeping you alive," Anna whispered.\
For all intents and purposes, Elsa had already committed suicide.\
Anna no longer had any appetite. Elsa excused herself politely, but she left in such an uncharacteristic rush that Anna didn't have the courage to follow after her.\
It was hours later, hours after night fell and hours after Anna lay down wide-eyed in bed that Elsa returned. Anna pretended to be asleep, closing her eyes and making sure to breathe in and out in a steady rhythm. After what felt like an eternity, Elsa released a tiny sigh. Anna turned over to see Elsa staring unblinkingly up at the ceiling. Ann tried, just once, to offer her comfort from whatever was bothering her. She extended her hand, to grasp her hand, to touch her shoulder; Anna hardly knew what exactly she was planning, but it didn't matter. Elsa shied away and turned her back.\
It was the last time Anna ever tried to touch Elsa again.\
It was a small relief that the Sorcerer never haunted her dreams again, and Anna wondered if that time before had been magic at all or simply her own fears. She never voiced the thought aloud, but more and more often she saw parallels between Elsa and the Sorcerer. It was their walk, their stance. It was the way they carried themselves, their paradoxical mixture of self-confidence and self-loathing that made them living contradictions. Anna looked at Elsa and saw the Sorcerer, just as she had the opposite.\
And to top it all off, Alek was still imprisoned, Hans was still refusing to admit visitors, and Edmund was actively avoiding her. She had no one left to turn to, except\'85\
"Wow. Sounds like you have it rough," Kristoff said.\
"I don't know what to do," Anna said, sitting down on a bale of hay while Kristoff alternated between feeding Sven and feeding himself with the carrots she brought over. "I thought everything would be better when Elsa got back, but it all seems to be 
\i worse
\i0 ."\
"You can't really expect her to magically solve all your problems," Kristoff said. Anna turned a pointed look outside the stables, where the sky was eternally grey and the snow inches thick. Kristoff groaned and continued, "You know what I meant."\
"I don't even know what's going on!" Anna grabbed a handful of hay and threw it across the stall. Sven followed it with his eyes, then turned and blinked at Anna with large eyes. It was ridiculous. A reindeer had no business looking so chastising. Anna held her knees to her chest and mumbled, "I just wish Elsa would start talking to me again."\
"\'85Do you want some advice?"\
"Are you some kind of love expert now?" Anna grumbled.\
Kristoff looked away, clearing his throat and rubbing the back of his neck. "No, but I have friends who are love experts."\
"Seriously, 
\i you 
\i0 have friends who are love experts?" Anna turned to stare at Sven, ignoring the reindeer's enthusiastic nod. "I'm not buying it."\
"Whatever," Kristoff said, shrugging. "I think you're avoiding her just as much as she's avoiding you. If you want her to talk to you, maybe you have to be the one to talk to her first."\
"You think I don't try?"\
"Try harder," Kristoff suggested. "You need to sit her down. Look her dead in the eye. And tell her to please stop making life difficult for me because I'm about to go crazy."\
"You mean for me, because 
\i I'm 
\i0 about to go crazy," Anna said.\
"No, I'm obviously getting the worst of it since everyone has decided to come to me, rant about their life crises, but not take my advice." Kristoff tossed the last of the carrots to Sven, not even bothering to take a bite for himself. "Between you and Edmund, I really will go crazy soon."\
"Edmund still comes around here?"\
Kristoff nodded, and Anna supposed that it made sense. She had met the prince here, caked up to his elbows in dirt and possibly something much more obscene. She had met Edmund here, and then she decided that Elsa gave her good vibes. Because of her kindness, because of her eyes that had smiled more than her lips, because something told Anna that beneath the exterior of hardened ice there was something more than just a conqueror or a queen. Anna had decided that she would give Elsa a chance. It was this spot right here that had given birth to the chance that led to her faith in Elsa.\
"You're right," Anna said. "I'm going to talk to her."\
It was an easy decision after all.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 28: Shattering Point
\b0 \
She had no time for this.\
"I have enough troubles without you adding to them," Elsa said, feeling a headache build at the base of her skull. "Do not inform me of things that I have no interest in knowing. I've told you what I want. See to it that it happens."\
Saul bowed his head. "I apologize. I assumed you would want updates."\
"About Hans?" Elsa frowned. "Keep him alive and healthy. Is that so difficult to achieve?"\
"Easy enough to keep him alive," Saul said. "Harder to keep him healthy when he refuses to take his medicine. I have considered force-feeding him, but I thought it best to request authorization."\
Stubborn fool. Hans was just as much of a nuisance now as he was when he still schemed against her, perhaps more so now that he was not an adversary but a liability. At least before she only needed to guard herself, not coddle him. Elsa might have agreed to the force-feeding and been done with it, but knowing what Anna would say if she found out about it made her think twice. For whatever reason, Anna was fond of the thirteenth prince. She would never understand what Anna saw in him, but Elsa could afford him some lenience for that alone.\
"I will attend to it," Elsa said. Just as she finished speaking, a sharp pain lanced through the right side of her skull. Involuntarily, Elsa covered her eye and released a hiss through clenched teeth.\
"You aren't well," Saul said, stepping forward and around to her side, hand outstretched as though to steady her. But of course he paused before he actually touched her. No one 
\i could
\i0  touch her. No one, except for Anna. Saul drew back. "Are you remembering to take your medicine? If you've run out, I can prescribe more\'97"\
"No, I need something stronger." With great force of will, Elsa removed her hand from her face, brushing back a strand of hair that she'd misplaced. Whatever affliction just struck had lessened to a dull throb and, while painful, it was manageable enough.\
"What you're taking is already several times more potent than I would recommend," Saul said. "Anyone else would have died."\
"It doesn't matter. Whatever you give me will lose effect sooner or later as this body adjusts," Elsa said. Constant regeneration from her powers kept her alive even as she teetered on the brink of death, with her heart mangled. An upside was immunity to poison. Less convenient was a similar protection against medication. She waved off another protest. "Go. I will attend to Hans."\
With that, Saul departed and after taking a few minutes to recover, Elsa also left her office. She had never lived close to the princes' wing, but as with all parts of the castle, she knew the way well. When she arrived at Hans' room, the door was closed. It would have been proper procedure for a messenger to forewarn Hans of her arrival so that he might prepare, but Elsa was pressed for time and Hans would not have bothered anyhow, not with how he was right now. But still, good manners were important. Elsa knocked on the door and waited.\
"Leave," Hans said.\
Elsa waved her hand and a burst of pressurized cold air shoved the door open. She had ripped it off its hinges entirely, sending the useless plank of wood flying into the wall. Hans jerked upright in bed but immediately clutched at his legs, spasm of pain making itself clear in the grimace on his face. Elsa walked into the room and took a glance around. She had never been in here. All the walls were bare, white to the point of sterility. Hans kept no personal effects in his room. It reminded her of her own.\
Except it was a wreck. Jagged shards of bowls and containers littered the floor. Worse was their original contents, the rancid smell of medicine now permeating the room, staining the carpets and even the far wall; Elsa surmised that Hans had thrown them. She was honestly surprised he had the strength.\
"No need to bow," Elsa said, and Hans clenched his jaw. Both of them knew he could not. "I heard that you refused your medicine."\
"It's none of your concern," Hans said.\
"Perhaps. But you are no stranger to interfering in matters that are none of your concern." Elsa picked her way around the room until she was at his bedside. With a wave of her hand, she conjured a chair of ice and sat. "Humor me, then."\
Hans pursed his lips, though as always, he was not unnerved by her magic. Elsa guessed that he simply wanted her gone. Funny. It had always been him irritating her with his presence. Now that the tables were turned, there was something to be said for being an unwanted guest and setting the host on edge. She could see why he enjoyed it so.\
"You'd best humor yourself," Hans said. "If I'm lucky, I won't be around much longer."\
"Are you so eager to throw your life away?"\
"Yes." Hans looked to Elsa for a fraction of a second, but when Elsa met his gaze he looked away just as quickly. With his head bowed, he muttered, "I thought you would be pleased to let me rot."\
"I would be more than happy to do just that," Elsa admitted. "But you were born of Markus, and I will not let you die."\
"So you would preserve me because of my father?" Hans snorted. "You can let me die, then. Father wouldn't care. No one would care about my passing. No one\'85will miss me."\
"I have no time for your self-pity," Elsa said, and a muscle twitched in Hans' jaw. "I will have you force-fed if that is what it takes. Do not think that you can die without my express permission."\
"Do you have any right to stop me?" Hans snarled. "What life am I throwing away, except for one that was wretched from the start and doomed to oblivion now?"\
Elsa frowned. "All I see that is wretched here is you."\
"You have no right. You have 
\i everything
\i0 , and you've never suffered for it!" Hans said. "You were born with magic. You were brought here and raised to be queen. What about me? I was born only to be treated as trash by my brothers, as disposable by my father. Even after my mother gave her life for me, I was still thrown to the wayside and my birthright handed over to you! She gave her life, and for nothing! You have no right\'97"\
Elsa laughed.\
"You are pitiful," Elsa said, still laughing with frigid derision while Hans whipped his head around to glare ineffectually. Elsa met his gaze and her laughs faded, her lips curling with distaste. "I don't like you, but I have never looked down on you. I respected your cunning, at least. But today, I find that you're nothing but a pitiful wretch who seeks out sympathy with your sob story. It's 
\i pathetic
\i0 , Hans."\
Hans clenched his fists, breathing harshly, and his eyes snapped shut for a brief moment before flying wide open. Elsa saw the fury in his eyes but paid him no heed, and she felt herself sneer without conscious thought. If Hans thought he had anything to complain about, then she would gladly invite him to live her life.\
"Pathetic?" Elsa watched as Hans made some ineffectual motion or another. Likely he forgot that he could no longer walk and wanted to rise, to strike, but instead he settled for glaring. "Do you think I care about your opinion, you, the one with common blood running throu\'97"\
"And there we have it," Elsa interjected. "All the while you complain, you revel over your identity as a prince of the Southern Isles. As though you could ever let go of the power it brings you. What is it that you really want? What do you hope to accomplish by telling me your sad life story? If you think any of this excuses you of all your meddling, your plotting, your sending your brothers to their deaths\'85" Elsa seized Hans by the collar and dragged him close. "You are wrong."\
Elsa shoved Hans away and he fell back, his feeble rage scattered and replaced by a mixture of terror and confusion. Suddenly Elsa understood what Gustaf had said, though not about herself but about Hans. It was not his shattered legs that reduced him, not his broken body that caged him.\
It was denial.\
"Go ahead. Pretend like you're avenging your mother," Elsa said, and Hans flinched. "I have never met the woman. I only know about her in passing, but even I know that she wouldn't have agreed with what you were doing in her name. Could you, her son, really think otherwise? Do you think you wanted the throne for any reason other than your own lust for power? It was always for yourself."\
"No. It was for her. Everything was for\'97"\
"You don't even remember. She had common blood too."\
Hans opened his mouth, but he made no sound and a moment later, his lips closed. Elsa saw the bob in his throat as he swallowed, and then Hans looked away, muttering, "Leave. Just leave. I'm already in this state. Just dying would be better than surviving."\
"If you still want to die, I won't stop you. It's easy to die," Elsa said. "But you really will have led a worthless life if you let yourself die now."\
Hans slumped back wordlessly.\
Without another glance at the prince, Elsa strode out of his room. She eyed the ruined door and repressed a sigh. She would need to find someone to fix it. It was likely Saul's fault, anyway. His medication for her headaches, while effective, left her on edge and prone to recklessness. Fitting punishment that he mend the door. At least his architectural talent would not be wasted.\
Elsa walked out the door.\
She was not expecting to see Anna standing off to the side.\
Anna was clutching the edge of the doorway with both hands. Their eyes met, Elsa blinked, and Anna shrugged with a weak smile on her face. Without prompting, Elsa followed Anna down the hallway. They continued the rest of the walk to their room in silence, but from behind, Elsa observed. Something was different about Anna. She had always been brave, but not confident, not like this. Brashness hid her insecurities well enough, but Elsa knew Anna thought too little of herself. She had never possessed the sort of determined self-assurance her squared shoulders showed now, as though heading into a war.\
Once they arrived, Anna closed the door.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was too quiet even for Elsa.\
They were not 
\i particularly 
\i0 quiet, at least not in comparison to the silence that so often plagued their time together nowadays. Elsa rarely knew what to say, and Anna seemed to have finally given up on dragging out conversation. But there was at least some modicum of understanding before. They both had much on their minds, much that could not be given form in words. Now, the silence was stifling. Elsa knew Anna wanted to speak and yet she would not, could not, and that was the real difference.\
At last, Elsa asked, "Is everything all right?"\
"Yeah," Anna said, but the tenseness never left her shoulders. "Yeah. Nothing's wrong, I just \'97 I just wanted to talk. If you're not busy, I mean. Is that okay?"\
"Of course," Elsa said.\
She fell silent again, waiting for Anna to continue, but contrary to her expectation, the redhead said nothing. It was unlike the Anna she was familiar with, discounting the last few days. Anna should have been able to keep talking and talking, and even if Elsa would never find her irritating, even she had to admit that Anna possessed practically inexhaustible energy. Silence was unlike her, especially when by her own admission, she 
\i wanted 
\i0 to talk\'97\
"Are you just going to ignore me again?" Anna asked sharply.\
"...What?" Elsa shook her head, too confused to say anything more elaborate, too surprised to correct her undignified response. "I don't understand."\
"No, I'm just being \'97 I'm just saying \'97 Forget it." Anna cut herself off with a deep sigh. "Let me start over. I practiced this in my head too, I don't know why I'm screwing it all up\'97"\
"You don't have to practice at all," Elsa said. "You can tell me anything."\
"\'85Okay."\
Maybe Anna had found her words encouraging, or maybe she had found them as weak as Elsa herself did. She couldn't tell. But the next moment, Anna crossed over to their bed and sat down on its edge, taking a deep breath and biting her lip before patting the spot next to her. Befuddled, Elsa claimed a seat. Anna still wasn't looking directly at her, but the instant she sat, Anna exhaled as though relieved.\
"I just feel like we haven't been talking much," Anna said, maintaining her staring contest with the opposite wall, nervously playing with the edge of the blankets. But at the very least, she was no longer stammering. Quietly but very clearly, she added, "And I missed you."\
"I thought that you wouldn't want to be around me," Elsa said.\
Anna whipped her head around, eyes widened with such complete and utter confusion that Elsa knew she had been wrong long before any denial left her lips. It did nothing to comfort Elsa. If anything, the sight sparked a kindle of anger in her that she never even knew existed.\
"It wasn't like that," Anna said.\
"So 
\i what 
\i0 was it, then?" Elsa asked, fighting back a surge of frustration, but the stress bottled up behind her facade was too much to contain. Not for lack of self-control. She could have continued on like this indefinitely. She 
\i had 
\i0 been like this for the better part of her years, containing her emotions and never allowing herself to feel anything at all, but for better or worse 
\i Anna
\i0 , Anna was the one person who could make her lose control. "You've been silent. You've avoided me. I want to know 
\i why
\i0 , Anna. If it wasn't what I believed, then why?"\
"I've been silent because 
\i you 
\i0 don't want to listen to me. I've avoided you because 
\i you 
\i0 don't want to see me." Elsa opened her mouth to speak, but Anna cut her off. "Have you never once noticed that I've been trying? Can you really tell me you've never pushed me away?"\
It had been a long time, too long, but Elsa had convinced herself that they both needed some time to themselves. Distance seemed prudent after their difference in opinion made itself glaringly obvious, and she had believed that Anna thought so too when she failed to meet with her in the office as per their usual routine. It was the first day after her return. Elsa waited in her office the entire day, trying to busy herself with work but unable to concentrate, restless as she waited for the door to swing open, but the entire day passed without any sign of Anna.\
Elsa had been afraid of pushing Anna away even further than she already had.\
Apparently her efforts to avoid it had done just that.\
"From the moment you got back, you pushed me away." Anna had said she practiced this speech. Elsa could see that any practice had been discarded as angry tears welled in her eyes, as Anna tried to blink them back and failed, as her voice wavered and broke. "I've been trying\'97"\
"Haven't I been trying as well? I've always been here, waiting, but you choose the others over me." Elsa stood and walked away from the bed, away from Anna, refusing to let herself back down. "Edmund, Alek, I can understand. Fine. But Hans? Hans has been nothing but a thorn in my side, and from what I'm told, almost caused your death\'97"\
"And he also saved my life!"\
"You should never have been there in the first place!" Elsa whirled around and strode towards Anna, knowing that her powers were raging under the surface, but the redhead never faltered. Even now, Anna was not afraid. "I would never have exposed you to danger, I would have kept you safe\'97"\
"By taking advice from Saul and locking me up?"\
"If that were what it took!"\
"
\i Why can't you just be there for me when I need you!
\i0 "\
Elsa stilled. Even Anna seemed to be at the end of her strength, her tears falling freely but silently, even as the echoes of her last word rang with the force of thunder. It was true, Elsa knew it was true and she could not deny it any longer, could not shift the blame to anyone. Anna had needed her, and despite all her promises she had failed to keep her safe. And after coming back, she had done nothing to give Anna the slightest bit of security. She had expected Anna to do the work as usual.\
"I'm sorry." Elsa stepped closer and tentatively reached out. Anna did nothing to stop her, and Elsa carefully wiped the tears from her face. Reclaiming her seat next to Anna, Elsa said quietly, "I'm sorry I've been distant."\
"It's not your fault. We were both just\'85waiting for the other person to do something." Anna cleared her throat, and Elsa looked down to the floor. She noticed that Anna was kicking her feet back and forth, the tips of her boots curled upwards minusculely.\
"It shouldn't have fallen to you."\
"That's not how it works. It's on both of us."\
"I was afraid," Elsa said, and that might have been all she could manage had Anna not looked at her questioningly. She deserved to know. "I'm always afraid, and only of one thing. I don't ever want to lose you. I thought if I ignored all this, never brought this up, then we would be fine."\
"I-I didn't realize."\
Elsa hummed in the back of her throat, and silence fell again. Now Anna was busy tapping her fingers on the bedding. Elsa sat with her hands in her lap, but her eyes flicked over to watch the rhythmic up and down oscillation of Anna's fingers. She realized she had not held Anna's hand in days, the entire week, even. Elsa turned away, and she saw herself. Without her knowing, her hand had clenched shut. Elsa looked away and closed her eyes. She wanted to reach out. More than anything, she wanted to, but with this past week between them\'97\
Warmth brushed against her knuckles, and Elsa reflexively opened her hand.\
Anna jerked away. "Sorry! I should've asked first, I'm such an idiot\'97"\
Elsa reached out and took Anna's hand.\
"Of course you are," Elsa said, gently rapping her knuckle on Anna's forehead and smiling when the redhead rubbed at the spot with a confused pout on her face. "You should know I won't mind." But she knew she was the biggest fool of all for not reaching out sooner. She had missed this warmth, so much.\
Slowly, Anna's confusion shifted into a smile. She wrapped her free arm around Elsa's waist and put her head on her shoulder, snuggling closer with a small laugh of delight. Elsa brushed her hand over Anna's hair and placed a chaste kiss on the top of her head, but she nearly jumped when she felt a nip on her neck in response. Elsa pulled away and fixed Anna with a stare, but she was met only by a mischievous smile and eyes curved upwards into crescents.\
"You can't blame me."\
"I suppose not."\
"I really missed you."\
"I did too."\
Everything standing between them melted away. It was like surfacing from the pitch-black depths of the sea, and Elsa could breathe again. All the frustration clouding her head, all the doubt plaguing her thoughts, all of it suddenly seemed as insubstantial as smoke. None of that was as real and tangible as having Anna here in her arms, breathing in her familiar scent and seeing her wide smile. What more was there to think about than this present moment?\
"Do you know," Elsa murmured, thumbing the strand of white hair marring Anna's otherwise red tresses, "I destroyed five entire scores of training posts this past week?"\
"Wow. I guess you really needed to vent."\
"I needed something to distract me. I thought I would upset you if I actually caused any casualties, so those posts had to bear the brunt of my restlessness."\
"Poor things."\
"I obliterated them," Elsa agreed, and Anna snorted. "It's true. Electricity comes easier now, and there are times when the lightning surges so powerfully it almost leaves my control. It seems the worse my headaches become, the more power I can channel."\
"Your headaches are getting worse?" Anna pulled away and examined her closely. "Is everything all right? I'm so sorry, I didn't even think about asking\'97"\
"Ever since Weselton\'85" Elsa made a halfhearted attempt at warding off Anna but eventually allowed her to get closer, feeling the warmth spread from where Anna's fingers kneaded her temples to her entire body. Just a simple touch from Anna could do more than any of the medications she took. "You don't have to worry, but thank you."\
"You're working too much," Anna said. "So what exactly were you doing in the office, then?"\
"Containment. What happened in the Outer Districts and the warehouse needed to be dealt with," Elsa said. She regretted her bluntness the moment Anna stilled. "There was growing unrest."\
"Oh." Anna blinked and pulled away, brushing her hair as Elsa watched with head tilted to one side. Strange. Anna only did that when\'85\
"Something is bothering you."\
"Nothing. I was just wondering about your dress." Anna made a big show of eyeing the unfamiliar garment, but it wasn't the floaty fabric that interested her most. "What color would you say that is?"\
"\'85Blue?" Elsa glanced down at her dress and made the tiniest of frowns, her version of a shrug.\
"Nah. Definitely periwinkle," Anna muttered. When she looked up again, she made a face. "But really, 
\i blue 
\i0 is the best you can come up with?"\
"I 
\i made 
\i0 this."\
"And you don't even know what color it is," Anna said, shaking her head, and Elsa very almost rolled her eyes. "All right, I have another test for you. What color is my hair\'97?"\
"Red," Elsa said, but before Anna could refute her with some far-off, obscure color, she added, "There's something else you want to talk to me about."\
Anna sobered quickly. Elsa regretted cutting their banter short, but the more rational part of her, the part that dominated every other aspect of her life, told her that some matters could not be avoided. Sometimes a small voice in her head that sounded suspiciously like Anna would chide her that matters of the heart could not be reasoned through with cold logic and careful calculation, and she wished she could obey. But Elsa had fallen back on thinking with her head and not her heart for so long that rationality was second nature. It had been her companion long before Anna entered her life. It was easy, and familiar, more familiar, sometimes, than Anna.\
It was just another mask she wore, and she wore it gladly.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Did she want to bring it up?\
Without even realizing her habit resurfacing, Anna bit her lip and brushed her hair behind her ear. Elsa was considerate enough to give her time to think, but the blank face and void stare she affixed her with made Anna even more anxious. She was suddenly another person altogether from the Elsa who had been sitting in that same spot and playing with her hair. If Anna had not seen this side of Elsa before and witnessed her shifting demeanor before her eyes, she might have said that someone was very badly impersonating Elsa. But no, because truth was 
\i this 
\i0 was the Elsa she had first met.\
And this Elsa was a result of the reliquary.\
Anna just didn't know how to broach the subject.\
"What's going on with the Outer Districts?" Anna asked.\
"Malcontents," Elsa said, with a voice so carefully neutral that Anna knew she was dissatisfied. "As you know, the Sorcerer was not particularly subtle about his tastes. Now that rumors are spreading, the commoners are demanding justice."\
"\'85All the families must be devastated."\
Anna had embarked on that foolhardy quest with a mind to save those who had been taken. In the end she had saved no one. There had been no one 
\i to 
\i0 save, not amidst that graveyard of mangled bodies and discarded corpses. Just the memory alone was enough to send a shudder wracking through her body. How much did the people know? If they knew what had really transpired down there in the cold and the dark, there would be absolute mayhem. But at the same time, they deserved to know.\
"What do you plan on doing?" Anna asked. Elsa said nothing, only fixed her with a questioning stare, and Anna added, "Don't the people deserve some sort of explanation?"\
"What would I tell them?"\
"Well, the truth."\
"No truth will be enough to satisfy the commoners. It was an oversight on my part, I admit," Elsa said. "But telling them the truth would only incite more discontent. Nor would they understand."\
"Have you been down there?" Anna asked. "All those people, kidnapped and tortured. You have to tell their families what happened, and at least give them a proper burial\'97"\
"Burial? It's impossible to retrieve the bodies, not after the explosion completely caved in the warehouse basement. Everything down there has been destroyed, and good riddance."\
It was the flippant way Elsa said all this that set Anna on edge. Not necessarily what she was saying, because as horrible as it was, she could see why telling dozens of families their loved ones had been experimented on might be even worse than sparing them the gritty details. And even retrieving the bodies of the victims might really be impossible, even ill-advised, considering what had been done to them, but Elsa\'85\
Elsa sounded as though she cared nothing for their suffering. Instead, she spoke of the people living in the Outer Districts, 
\i commoners
\i0 , with ill-concealed contempt, and of the victims as though they were not victims at all or even people. She had even called them 
\i bodies
\i0  like they had never lived and dreamed.\
"So you're not going to do anything but try and hide all the evidence?" Anna asked.\
"It's not what you're thinking," Elsa sighed. "Believe me that this is the best course of action. All of this will be forgotten with time, and their lives will continue without disturbance."\
"People died, Elsa. Innocent people who had their lives stolen from them," Anna said. "One man told me about his daughter who loved to explore, and another woman told me about a girl who would sing as she walked by her home\'97"\
"What are you trying to say?"\
"I'm saying that these were real people who died. Not just commoners or bodies, but people, and they deserve better. I 
\i know 
\i0 you care," Anna said, "I know you do, or you wouldn't do so much, you wouldn't have regular supply caravans\'97"\
"Anna, I don't care."\
"\'85What?"\
Anna could hardly believe her ears. She must have heard wrong. She had always been taught that a monarch was to guide and protect their people, and of all the lessons she had been forced to sit through, that one always made the most sense. And to hear that Elsa simply 
\i didn't care 
\i0 about the people she ruled, the people she was supposed to be protecting?\
But the more she thought about it, she realized she should have realized sooner. If Elsa had cared, she wouldn't have allowed those horrible living conditions. She wouldn't have failed to notice all the disappearances right beneath her nose. She wouldn't have thought nothing of them and done nothing.\
"Pain cannot be alleviated," Elsa said. "At one point, I thought I could do something for them. I thought I could make their lives better, but the truth is that there is nothing I can do. Life itself is a cruel joke, and as I learned that lesson, I came to realize. People hurt because they care. I decided to stop\'97"\
"How do you just 
\i decide 
\i0 to stop?" Anna murmured.\
"It was easy."\
"Because you became heartless."\
Anna realized what she had said just a moment too late, just a moment after the words had already left her mouth. She had never meant to say it aloud. She had never meant it to have the particular context that Elsa would understand it as, but it was too late. Elsa stared at her, shell-shocked and silent, and Anna could do and say nothing in response. Nothing would ever suffice to make this better.\
"I-I'm sorry. I need to go," Anna said.\
She fled.\
Elsa never pursued, but Anna ran out of her room and away, away to nowhere, away to anywhere that was not where she would need to think of the irreparable damage she had just caused. She had never meant to say it. She had never meant it that way\'97\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 But you did.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 But I did.
\i0 \
She had always thought that Elsa was similar to the Sorcerer. What if there was something more to her fears? She remembered that he had mentioned his heart was crumbling away, that it was sapping both his emotion and his life. It was happening to Elsa too. It was already beginning; Anna knew that better than anyone. Elsa was so terribly broken. Her heart had 
\i splintered
\i0  until a piece attached itself to Anna.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 She will become like me.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 She will become like him.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 And then she will die.
\i0\b0 \
Such a wave of panic struck her then that she could barely stay on her feet. It felt as though some suffocating thing had latched onto her every thought and filled her throat, her lungs. Anna slid down a wall, gasping for breath as her thoughts flew in every direction. She had to do something. But there was nothing she could do, she was helpless, she was too late to do anything\'97\

\i\b You have to try.
\i0\b0 \
She had to try.\

\i\b Go see it one more time.
\i0\b0 \
She had to see one more time.\

\i\b You know what you have to do, Anna.
\i0\b0 \
She had to go to the reliquary and set things right.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 29: No Time, No Light
\b0 \
It was only a half-developed stray thought that drifted past her mind at first, but the moment she thought the thought, it latched on with a tenacious grip, refusing to relinquish her senses. But Anna had 
\i already
\i0  decided, long before the moment of realization, before, even, the moment the idea had been given words. She had only buried her own desire until now. She felt lighter the instant she acknowledged it at last, as though a weight left her mind and shackles around her limbs had been released. Everything became clearer, sharper, more focused. All her world compressed, linearized, and zeroed in on one objective and one objective only, an all-consuming need that left room for no other.\
She had to go to the reliquary and set things right.\
Anna set off immediately on an old, familiar path, but somewhere within the recesses of her mind, Anna remembered she had only walked it twice. Once when she first scaled the tower and witnessed the reliquary. Again when she approached Elsa atop the balcony and poured out her own heart. Only twice had she gone along this upwards path, but as her body practically moved of its own accord, Anna had the strange thought she had walked this walk a thousand times. She remembered praying for salvation, desperate for deliverance.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 Hurry. You don't have much time.
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 Hurry. I don't have much time.
\i0 \
Anna forced her legs to move faster, climbing the stairs and throwing herself outside to the balcony. She could not feel the cold. She could recognize that she ought to, but the feeling of cold that should exist was instead replaced by that compelling urge to keep moving. Nothing else mattered. She would have stridden through a hurricane, flung herself off the castle without a moment of hesitation if that were what it took. Around the balcony lay the tower entrance, and Anna arrived at the familiar crystalline staircase leading to her destination.\
She laid her hand on the railing, and just like last time, the air shifted and depressurized. With nothing holding her back, Anna began ascending the steps. Every footstep echoed. More than once. Each one echoed 
\i twice
\i0  and the second time from nary a step behind, but Anna would not, could not look back. She would only look up, because upwards was the objective. Halfway up, another surge of breathless impatience filled her mind, urging her to move faster. At the top, she pressed her bare hand against the snowflake-marked door. After the unbearable thirty seconds that passed waiting for the door to dematerialize, Anna stepped through.\
All was as it should be. She remembered this place well from the last time, and she doubted she would ever forget. Everything was the same. Chandelier situated high above, casting an unearthly azure light on the rune-carved stones of the chamber. Casket on the other end of the room, bearing the sleeping master of the castle. And beyond, the Mirror, now with nearly two-thirds of its broken form repaired.\
Anna took another step forward.\
And stilled, unable to move, as the Sorcerer advanced.\
"I have seen this place before through the eyes of another, but to be here myself\'85" With a roving gaze, the Sorcerer took in everything before them. Forgoing the Mirror and even the reliquary situated above them, he stepped around Anna and strode over to the casket containing Markus. When he next spoke, he bent over to stare at the encapsulated king. "I wasn't sure whether I wanted to drag you down with me even more than I wanted to live. But now that I'm here, I suppose I may as well do both."\
Anna could not speak. She barely registered the appearance of the hooded, shadowed man, as though a veil had been cast over her mind. She knew he was there, and that was the greatest extent of her reaction. In her mind, there was nothing out of the ordinary.\
"I 
\i am
\i0  sorry to have done this to you, Anna. I doubt you can even understand me as you are now, and when you wake you will not heed my words. But I promise you," said the Sorcerer, moving out of his predatory crouch and straightening his back, "I would not have done this if there were any other way."\
At his beckoning, Anna moved forward seven steps, so that the exact center of the room was between her and the Sorcerer and she stared directly into his eyeless mask. Above them, the chandelier began its descent and deconstruction, so that the sharp edges and blades disappeared. Only the reliquary remained hovering between them, flickering blue light that reflected off both their faces, both of them entranced as they stared at the hauntingly beautiful heart. The Sorcerer raised his hand, and across from him, Anna mirrored his movements.\
"Please, Anna. Save me. Save 
\i all 
\i0 of us."\
The Sorcerer reached forward for the reliquary.\
Anna felt herself beginning to move, beginning to reach forward just as he did.\
Outstretched fingers inches away from the orbed snowflake, close enough to hear the low humming of the reliquary, close enough to feel a tug on her own heart where its shard had embedded itself, Anna woke. Something cut through the haze that clouded her mind. Anna stilled an instant before she touched the reliquary, and this time it was the Sorcerer who mirrored her movements and froze. She raised her head and stared directly at the Sorcerer.\
"No, I'm sorry."\
Anna retreated backwards while the Sorcerer stood silently and seemingly frozen, hand still raised and poised to take the reliquary. Only after she moved far enough to stand at the entrance did the Sorcerer slowly lower his hand to his side. Complete silence reigned between them, tense, uneasy silence. For long moments it went unbroken by the unbreathing Sorcerer, until at last his hand clenched into a fist and the cracking of his knuckles pierced through the hush like the crack of a whip.\
"How did you manage to break free?" Whether or not Anna might have answered, the Sorcerer shook his head and exhaled a rattling hiss. "No, I understand why. I was played for a fool."\
"And now you die here."\
Elsa had arrived.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was her first time actually seeing the Sorcerer, and Elsa expected it would be the last.\
After everything she had done to lure him out of hiding, she refused to let him leave here alive. Elsa pulled Anna behind her and kept her eyes fixed on the Sorcerer, who stood with head bowed as though in penance, silent and unmoving. She could not immediately deduce who lay under that admittedly unsettling skull-like mask. At any rate, it made no difference. She would just have to rip the mask off his corpse, and his identity would be made known just the same. It was only a matter of time before then.\
"I underestimated you," said the Sorcerer. "I didn't know you were capable of such cunning, such treachery. Well played, Queen Elsa. We are more alike than even I had ever imagined."\
It was just as Oliver had described. Something about the Sorcerer's deep-pitched voice rankled, jarringly disorienting with its quiet intensity. Not a deadened tone like her own but wounded, desperate, cornered. In Oliver it had inspired some twisted sense of empathy. For Elsa, the uncomfortable edge of his horrible truth sent a red haze seeping through her vision, until her view tunneled on the one who had wreaked so much havoc and sown so much discord.\
"Don't compare us. We are nothing alike."\
"Of course not. You are Queen Elsa."\
"And who are you?"\
"Nobody." Lifting his head to stare as the chandelier ascended and the reliquary returned to its rightful place, the Sorcerer added, "But there is still this one thing in which we are the same. You should understand most of all the desolation in my heart, the void left in its wake."\
Elsa narrowed her eyes. "I was not the one to experiment on hapless victims."\
"You enjoy reading 
\i Faust
\i0  and I daresay you will recognize this line. Art is long, and life is short. Is it so wrong of me to want to live, to experience life as I was meant to before the chance was stolen from me?"\
"And this somehow justifies everything you have done?"\
"If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and there is no truth in us," said the Sorcerer, and Elsa recognized the quote from 
\i Faustus
\i0 . An 
\i exact
\i0  quote, word for word, and Elsa could guess that the Sorcerer too could recite the story by heart. It seemed they shared a fascination with the tale. "Do not pretend to appreciate morality, Elsa. Both of us know life has no meaning when it must end, when the path to an end is riddled with pain. So, I shall abandon pretense and pursue life, pursue meaning."\
"What pitiful meaning have you managed to scrape away from all this then?"\
"\'85Do not presume to lecture me." Even though he spoke calmly, restrained anger bled through his words all the same. It was a dangerous calm, the calm of a man on the verge, one who realized his position and yet could do nothing to stop his fall. It was the calm of a man who 
\i welcomed
\i0  the fall, because to do otherwise would mean his ruin. "You of all people have no right to lecture me, you, with hands stained with the blood of thousands, you, without an inkling of purpose or meaning save for what others have deigned to relegate to you. I am a shell, but you are a puppet."\
Elsa almost lunged forward, save for Anna keeping her grounded with a sudden grip around her arm. She tried for a moment to pull away, intent on attacking the Sorcerer, but Anna held on with all of her characteristic persistence until she caved. Finally, Elsa turned back. Anna wordlessly shook her head, and Elsa chafed at the gesture. Was Anna really so naive that she would give heed to his twisted ideology, spare the Sorcerer? Was she going to choose him over her\'97?\
"Please, Elsa," Anna whispered.\
No. All of her anger drained away when she heard Anna, her soft voice such a contrast to the Sorcerer's impassioned tones, and Elsa saw clearly. Anna was concerned for 
\i her
\i0 , had stopped her for 
\i her 
\i0 sake. She had come close to losing control, and Anna had only been trying to keep her grounded. Elsa nodded and looked forward once again, towards the Sorcerer.\
"Get out of my head," Elsa said.\
"I have done nothing to you. I cannot."\
"Do you expect me to believe any of what you say?"\
"Believe what you will," said the Sorcerer, shrugging, and Elsa noticed the buildup of shadow around him. Its grasping reach extended nearly a foot outwards in every direction, thin, viscous tendrils tasting the air at his feet. "You have neither heart nor desire for me to manipulate."\
Well, he had certainly done a fine enough job even without the aid of his magic. Elsa had allowed him to gather his power while they spoke. But even still, she knew that his powers were no match for her own. Already she could feel the ice in her blood surging in response to challenge. All of this would end soon.\
"If you are finished talking," Elsa said, "I believe you have stalled long enough."\
"Already eager for blood, without sparing a thought for the woman behind you." Anna flinched and the Sorcerer continued, "Does she know what you have done to her in your quest to reach me? Well, Anna?"\
"Stop. Don't try to do this again. All right? Just \'97 I'm not stupid. I know when you're messing with my head," Anna said, practically trembling, releasing a shuddering breath before she spoke again. "And, yeah, I know what Elsa did. But that's something between us, not something for you to use against her."\
"Hypocrisy at its finest\'97"\
"That's enough!"\
Elsa lashed out just as the Sorcerer raised his arm.\
Ice slammed into a wall of shadows, but within a second the defense froze over, then shattered with an ear-splitting shriek. Elsa redirected her attack to give chase while the Sorcerer fled, solid form half-dissolved into shadow and weaving through the barrage. It reminded her of a snake. Motions erratic, gliding low to the ground and then spiking upwards towards the ceiling, twisting this way and that to avoid her bolts of ice, the Sorcerer appeared well in control; Elsa knew otherwise. Every time she struck, she came closer to hitting him. And there was only so much space to maneuver within the tower chamber. It was impossible for him to avoid her forever.\
Likely he realized that too. With a sudden corkscrew the Sorcerer bounded back to the ground, dark wisps exploding outwards from where he landed. Elsa could recognize a shift in the air. Even the light in the chamber seemed to dim, drawn inwards towards the Sorcerer and swallowed by the darkness bleeding off his form. Just the buildup sent a pulse over her skin that set her hair on end. At last, the Sorcerer extended a hand and the inky substance spiraled along the length of his arm, launched at Elsa as a gargantuan wave that dwarfed her entirely.\
She nearly scoffed.\
Elsa stood her ground, reached out, and caught the blast with her bare hand. She withstood the impact without budging an inch, without even needing to brace herself, and the originally vast wave slowly collapsed into itself until it had shrunk to little more than a handful. Shadows pulsed and writhed within her grasp, but the cold she radiated spread throughout the black mass, frost creeping up the shadows until it froze over. Elsa crushed the jagged shard and the pieces crumbled to the ground.\
On the shards of ice though\'85\
"Go, Anna," Elsa said, seeing her reflection and vexed that Anna was 
\i still 
\i0 just standing there, unaware of the danger. At her order, the redhead snapped out of whatever trance had held her and turned.\

\i "No one leaves!"
\i0 \
As soon as the Sorcerer uttered his hateful scream, shadows erupted from the ground and blocked off the exit; Anna jerked away with a yelp, a whisper away from burning herself on the flame-like wall. Elsa could have destroyed it with ease. She 
\i would
\i0  have if not for the Sorcerer suddenly launching a frenzied barrage of blasts all throughout the small chamber, hurling shadow and flame without rhyme or reason. Elsa put up a barrier of her own to cover both herself and Anna, pulling Anna into her arms as flares struck her wall one after another. Anna held on tightly while the chamber floor quaked and the walls shuddered, and all Elsa could manage while protecting Anna was continue repairing the wall. It was infuriating; Elsa thrived on the attack. Doing nothing was maddening.\
Elsa looked down, saw Anna terrified, and snapped.\
A thin line of pressurized ice carved through her own barrier without resistance as Elsa whipped her hand around, and the long spear arced through the air to slice at the Sorcerer's mask. Instantly the barrage ceased. Unfortunately, Elsa never caught a glimpse of the face behind the mask. The Sorcerer ducked before she could slice through his mask completely, though not before the spear had gouged through the cheek. When he released a triumphant laugh, though, Elsa realized her mistake.\
The Sorcerer had been standing right in front of the Mirror.\
When he ducked, her ice struck the Mirror and was absorbed.\
For a moment, nothing seemed to happen. Only the faintest ripple of light through the incomplete surface of the Mirror hinted that anything was amiss, but before long the faint ripple grew stronger, and stronger, until it became a blinding flare that pulsed quicker and quicker, and instinctively Elsa turned around to shield Anna with her body. Not enough. The Mirror released a shockwave of energy that flung them apart, and even Elsa was powerless to resist when she was thrown aside to the ground.\
Black spots crept into her vision. Vague, disorderly thoughts overtook her own. It was the loud groan of the tower that snapped Elsa back to attention, and she saw that the Mirror had pulverized the entire midsection of the chamber, leaving the walls a bare-bone skeleton. It would collapse any second. Anna lay unconscious. Elsa could do nothing to stop the Sorcerer when he fled out the gaping holes of the tower. She focused all her energy into forcing ice to emerge from where the stone ended. With painstaking effort she reconnected the torn frame. She was nearing completion of the arduous task\'97\
A shadowy hand reached through an opening and took Anna.\
Elsa leapt through the hole just as Anna was pulled through, and she took the redhead within her arms before freefalling. Wind beat at her skin, blew past her with concussive force and whipped her hair about, but Elsa threw out her hand and summoned a pillar of ice that plunged down to earth; Elsa held on and slid down the column, but her concentration was still too jarred for much else. With an inelegant landing, Elsa and Anna collapsed into the snow, once again separated by the impact.\
Elsa looked up, and saw the Sorcerer once again.\
Without a single wasted movement, he launched himself forward. Elsa was still disoriented from the fall, still on her knees when the Sorcerer approached. She was defenseless, close enough to see even the chipped paint of the effigy burned onto his mask, and she reflexively jerked backwards but to no avail. The Sorcerer drew back a gauntleted fist, white steel flashing bright, and punched.\
Ice rose between them. Only her automatic defense protected her from harm; Elsa hadn't been expecting the sudden physical blow. Even then, his velocity alone lent such strength to the Sorcerer's punch that a hairline crack emerged in the hastily erected wall. Minor damage, but still the most anyone had ever accomplished.\
Spikes emerged from the wall, and the Sorcerer retreated.\
But unlike her original thought, Elsa realized she had not 
\i pressured 
\i0 him into retreat. It was a tactical maneuver. Now he stood steps away from Anna, placing the princess perfectly between them, and Elsa had little choice but to halt any attack for fear of the Sorcerer hurting Anna or, God forbid, hurting her herself. With an almost curious tilt of his head, the Sorcerer observed her. Elsa rose to her feet, careful not to do anything that might provoke him.\
"Choose, here and now," said the Sorcerer, hand outstretched towards Anna's prone form lying across the snow. Wisps of black magic ghosted around his fingers. "You can either protect the girl or end me here, but you cannot do both."\
"Don't tell me what I can and can't do. You think you threaten me?"\
"Oh, no. I'm certain that your magic is much, much stronger than my own. In power, you have no equal. If Anna were not here to distract you, I could not have come this far. I would have died already." If Elsa were angry before, she practically saw red when the Sorcerer laughed. "Ironic that you used her to find me, but that she would also stop you from killing me."\
"I can still kill you," Elsa said. "While protecting Anna."\
"If you think yourself capable of the control, but as our battle has shown...I am the superior in that regard. Don't forget, I am your senior. While you were still with your happy, loving family, I was already being trained."\
She ignored the jab. It was just meant to distract her. Elsa watched the Sorcerer carefully, but her eyes betrayed the indecision hidden behind her stone-cold mask. Against her will, her gaze flickered over to Anna. In a way, the Sorcerer was right. She could easily protect Anna, but that would give him precious time to escape. She could just attack the Sorcerer, but either he would kill Anna too, or she would do it herself in the backlash. Either route was easy. Doable. But both...\
Could she risk Anna's safety?\
After everything, she couldn't let the Sorcerer go. Not like this. Her pride could never tolerate the failure.\
"Just try it," Elsa said. "I'll stop you."\
"You do realize that you're inviting me to attack Anna. If this is a wager," said the Sorcerer, "I believe I have the upper hand. Try your luck, then."\
It happened in an instant.\
The Sorcerer launched his shadows at Anna, but the moment he moved Elsa reacted. With an upwards swing of her hand, the snow below the Sorcerer's arm burst forth, and though it took everything she had to dampen the output of her magic, she managed to weaken herself just enough. Snow wrapped around the Sorcerer's wrist, dragging him down. Uttering a cry of surprise, he stumbled. His attack missed and sputtered ineffectually against the ground. With her free hand, Elsa threw a bolt of lightning at the man.\
Electricity seared through nothing but shadow, but even as the wispy form of the Sorcerer retreated through the skies, Elsa continued to track him. Just in case, she erected a barrier around Anna.\
Elsa watched as the black mass soared directly overhead. With a stamp of her foot ice curved into a ramp and rippled under her feet, pushing her along in conjunction with the propulsion from a flurry jetting from her hand. She leapt forward off the end. Her first spear missed as the Sorcerer veered away, but though Elsa began to fall back to earth, another block of ice was rising under her to propel her upwards once again. A second spear, and then a third, but the fourth try\'97\
A tendril of snow wrapped around the Sorcerer's arm.\
Elsa closed her hand and the snow compressed.\
With a sickening crack, the bone snapped and the Sorcerer fell from the sky, broken, defeated, screaming his fury to the heavens that had never heard his prayers.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Pain.\
It was pain as he had never felt before. Not since carving out his heart at the whim of another, and that memory had been from a time so long ago, so hazy, so unreal, that it felt like something out of someone else's life. It could not have been him who was that naive child who believed in the goodness of man, the boy who trusted and laughed and lived and loved. No. It was a phantom pain he remembered. It lingered on the edge of his thoughts only, a distant reminder of the pain of another whose life had ended that day, and whose death gave birth to a monster swathed in shadow. It was what fueled him, drove him forward, like the crack of a whip against the back of an enslaved beast.\
Not like the ice that broke him now and rendered him helpless at the mercy of others. It was cold. It burned. It was real, and beautiful, and he craved it now more than ever before. It was pain as he had never felt before, and for a man such as he, pain and pleasure were one and the same. Both reminded him that he was alive. His time had not yet ended. His light had not yet faded.\
Vaguely, he registered that he was lying on his back. All feeling in his right arm was gone, and assuming that he still possessed the limb at all, he could not move it. With all the strength his tortured body could muster, he rolled over to his front. Another shock of pain, and he finally saw the crippled mess that remained of his right arm, mangled flesh burned black and bones no doubt shattered completely. It would not be functional in some time. With his left, he attempted to drag himself forward.\
Sheer willpower allowed him to crawl forward a pace, maybe two, but before long the frost set in and for what should have been cold, it burned like fire and scalding oil. It was a good pain, but still debilitating. Pain overpowered any control of the body, ripped control away from the will. Desire to move did not translate to movement. So he gave up the fight, lay down, and relished the pain.\
Seeing his blood mar the snow sent another jolt of thrill coursing through his veins, and he would have laughed if he were able. Beautifully red. Blood did more to vitalize him outside his body than within. Seeing some part of him \'97 any part, any, any at all \'97 escaping that empty husk of flesh and bone was cathartic. It was better than any drug, better than any other vice the world could offer. Here was undeniable proof of his existence. Dark red that dyed itself into the white and would forever leave a mark\'85\
And then there was black.\
And relief.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa could see the Sorcerer collapsed not far away. Part of her debated killing him before doing anything else, and certainly she had no qualms about finishing him off; but Anna required her immediate attention, and loath as she was to simply leave him there, his injuries were too severe for him to escape. Just as precaution, Elsa constructed thick slabs of ice all around the Sorcerer, sealing him within airtight walls more than a foot thick. No chance of him slipping away, even with his incorporeal form. With the prison completed, she raced over to check on Anna.\
Thankfully, Anna was unharmed. Elsa sat down and gingerly moved her head to her lap, cradling Anna within her hands. Dust and ash coated her skin and doubtless she would be bruised, but nothing long-lasting; Elsa had taken care to brace their fall with her own body, even cushioned by a layer of snow. Though Anna was still unconscious, doubtless she would wake soon enough.\
"Anna," Elsa urged, shaking the redhead lightly. To her relief, Anna's eyes fluttered open, and though they were still half-shut, they were clear and unconfused. "How are you feeling?"\
"Everything hurts," Anna groaned. She turned, pressing her cheek into Elsa's lap, and took a deep, shuddering breath. "L-Let me just try and sit up."\
While Anna pushed down on the ground, Elsa braced her from behind. She could see the trembling in Anna's arms, but she was gratified that Anna still had this strength regardless. Before long Anna had shifted herself so she sat upright, and after more deep breaths and a few shakes of her head, she was as recovered as she would be.\
"Did you\'85" Anna cleared her throat. "Did you get him?"\
"I have him trapped in there; I can still sense him inside. Alive, but not for long," Elsa said, nodding her head towards the makeshift prison. "Stay here. I'll go and deal with him."\
Elsa rose to her feet, but Anna clutched her wrist at the last moment. When she looked back, she saw Anna biting her lip in consternation. "Do you think that\'85?"\
"I know what you want to ask, but I can't let him live." Elsa tried her hardest to contain her frown, but Anna was just too naive. "You have to understand why."\
"Yeah," Anna murmured.\
"It will be over soon, I promise. Stay behind the barrier."\
Once Anna let go, Elsa strode over to where the Sorcerer was contained and put her hand against the wall, sensing what lay within its confines. No resistance from the Sorcerer at all, as she had expected. After having his arm crushed and frostbite spread throughout his body, not even he could escape. From what she had seen of his powers, Elsa doubted that he could manage that feat even at full strength, let alone injured, crippled and exhausted\'97\
Vibrations pushed back on the other side of the ice, and Elsa jerked away.\
What began as a quiet rumble grew into a roar, and a wave of black pierced through all four walls at the same time. All at once, an explosion of shadow tore apart the ice, sending the serrated pieces catapulting through the air like shrapnel. At point-blank range, Elsa caught the fragments launched her way but was still sent skidding backwards from the force, losing the precious second of counterattack.\
She looked on in amazement as the mass of shadow jetted upwards and hurdled through the skies once again, without form at all and completely unrecognizable. It was so different. It was also the same. It was the same magic, had to be, but the presence was so substantially removed from what she became accustomed to. Before, when the Sorcerer melted into shadow, he still needed to keep at least part of himself corporeal. Now, Elsa could see only darkness, concentrated as it was not before, stronger and more focused. By the time she adapted to the greater mass, the heightened speed, it was too late.\
Elsa flung the shrapnel in her hand at the shadow, but within a second it had dissolved away within the castle, to hide, to heal. She would not give the Sorcerer his chance.\
"We pursue!"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 30: The Burdened
\b0 \
No one was leaving.\
Elsa stamped her foot on the ground, and then dragged her hands upwards through the air with fingers curled into claws. Snow rose from the plains at their feet, higher and higher, until it cast a shadow over all the castle grounds and dwarfed even the palace itself in its enormity. With a burst of force she flung her arms apart, and the snow surged outwards into a diamond completely surrounding the castle. For good measure, she pulled moisture from the air and froze it into thick sheets of ice plated on both sides of the snow, and then another layer, and another, forming an impregnable fortress.\
Let them see if the Sorcerer could break through 
\i this
\i0  time.\
Whatever burst of strength helped the Sorcerer escape last time wouldn't last long; Elsa had felt the creaking of his bones when she crushed his arm, every fracture, every rupture, as intimately as if the snow had been her hand. It shouldn't have been possible for him to break free in the first place, but there was little use mulling over what the seeming impossibility of his escape. Whatever helped him then could not help him elude her forever. With injuries as grievous as his, she doubted he would get far. It was proof enough that he chose to flee rather than make a stand.\
Anna gingerly stepped forward to join her, but Elsa heard rather than saw her approach. She kept her eyes fixed on the castle. "We should go before he has time to recover," Elsa said. But when she tried to take a step, vertigo struck so powerfully that she nearly stumbled. For a brief second, the world seemed to turn on its side. Elsa shook her head until the sensation cleared and prepared to go on, but judging from her small gasp, Anna must have noticed.\
"Whoa! Hey, just \'97 listen to me \'97 just stop for a moment," Anna said, pulling Elsa back when she steadfastly tried to march forward. "Are you all right?"\
Elsa waved off her concern. It was true that the battle had been more taxing than she first imagined. It made even the small feat of sealing off the castle, only child's play at any other time, far more draining than it should have been. She admitted to underestimating the Sorcerer, but the gap between them was still too wide for him to be a threat. Let him run. She had prepared for even this turn of events.\
"I'm fine."\
Anna held on tighter in response. "You're not."\
"We don't have any time to waste." Elsa gently pulled out of Anna's hold. "My powers will let me recover quickly enough. We need to keep moving."\
Anna searched her face and Elsa kept her expression as neutral as she could until, finally, Anna nodded and asked, "So what do we do now?"\
"Now we find him," Elsa said, partly to Anna but mostly to herself. When they reached the castle doors, she paused and turned to Anna. "Stay close. I wish I could move you somewhere away from all this, but while we don't know where he is, you should stay with me."\
"I'd want to be there for this anyway," Anna replied.\
"I thought you would prefer otherwise," Elsa said. Anna was too kind, too pure for this sort of matter. She would never be able to stomach blood, not like her, who dealt out judgment and death without a second thought. "Even for someone like him, I thought you would prefer I grant him mercy."\
"Maybe," Anna admitted. "I don't like the idea of killing anyone, but I won't argue with you about that. I know that it's probably for the best, I just \'97 I just want to hear him out before you do."\
Elsa frowned. "Why would you listen to anything he says?"\
"I-It's nothing." Anna looked down at the ground. "I guess I just do."\
Elsa let the subject drop for now, but inwardly she contemplated the strange empathy Anna seemed to have for the Sorcerer. She was kind towards everyone, Elsa knew that firsthand. Anna had shown kindness to even herself in the most unlikely of circumstances. But surely this Sorcerer, whoever he was, deserved none of her compassion? It boggled her mind that Anna would give any credence to his words. Whatever Anna saw that was worth her time, Elsa could not.\
She pushed the thought aside for now. Elsa opened the doors with a wave of her hand and a brief surge of wind, to be greeted by an unlikely face waiting for them already.\
Alek.\
"What the \'97 I thought you were locked up!" Anna exclaimed. "Wow, you 
\i do 
\i0 have a thick skull. Did you actually bash your way out?"\
Alek cracked a smile. "No, and it turns out I didn't need you to pick the lock after all. Key was inside, along with orders. Elsa had this whole thing planned from the start."\
With Alek was Saul, also accompanied by Oliver, Rafael, Stefan, and even Fabian and Cyrus, all of them standing at attention within the main hall. Elsa was surprised to see even 
\i Hans
\i0 , seated in a wheelchair at the edge of the group; Anna drew in a sharp intake of breath as well, but Elsa stopped her from moving forward. With the exception of Hans the princes all rushed forward at the sight of Elsa, some opening their mouths to speak, but Elsa held up a hand and gestured for them to keep their distance. She had wanted them gathered here, but for all she knew, any one of them might be dangerous.\
"Why have we been gathered here?" Saul asked. "Alek told us nothing, and then we saw, outside\'85"\
Elsa ignored him for now, turning to Alek instead. "Were they really all here?"\
"Gathered them like you told me," Alek said. "And then we saw the whole thing outside, and they were here from start to finish. Unless the Sorcerer can be in two places at once, everyone here is innocent."\
"Who 
\i was 
\i0 that?" Rafael asked, arching an eyebrow and looking vaguely impressed. "From what I could see, he gave you a good fight."\
"I would like to know as well," Elsa said, taking careful note of each prince and checking their right arms. None of them were injured. Oliver appeared shaken, but she surmised it was because he had finally seen the Sorcerer for himself after having heard his voice. "Conveniently for me, you are all here."\
"So you suspected us?" Fabian sneered and took a step forward, but Elsa narrowed her eyes and he stopped as abruptly as he had begun to move. Daunted, he stepped back and settled on giving her a dirty look. "For your information, only Twelve wasn't here."\
"And Gustaf," Rafael said. Putting on a small smile when Fabian whirled around to face him, he added, "I'm only pointing out the obvious. Impressive how you managed to forget the eldest."\
"So that leaves Gustaf and\'85" Anna trailed off. She added, voice quieting to a murmur, "Edmund."\
"But you're 
\i sure 
\i0 that the Sorcerer can't be in two places at once?" Alek asked.\
"Maybe he can, but not this time," Elsa said. "I made sure that he showed up with his physical body." If he were so fixated on her reliquary, he would claim it himself. Not while using someone else as proxy, as he had sent Tobias as a probe, or possessed Reid as a shield. It was the ultimate bait, the prize he could not ignore. No, Elsa was sure that this time, the Sorcerer had appeared personally.\
"What even makes you think it 
\i has 
\i0 to be one of us?" Fabian asked angrily. "Round up the servants, the slaves! Anyone who's here! You may as well, when you have us on their level at this point\'97"\
"Please, Fabian, try to control yourself," Oliver chided. "We all saw what that man did. What he used was unmistakably the same magic as Father. It is 
\i much
\i0  more likely one of us inherited the talent than someone unrelated to us possessing the exact same skill."\
Rafael clapped softly, mouthing bravo.\
"If you're done, I would like to know where Edmund and Gustaf are." Elsa turned her gaze on Alek, eyes narrowing. "I thought I told you to keep watch over the rest, not allow them to run free so that I would need to narrow down the choices myself."\
She was impressed Alek kept his calm and met her stare with head held high. But then, the prince had always been too bullheaded to swallow his pride. "Like 
\i you
\i0  did such a great job watching one person. You said that this was, what, not even needed because, how did you put it, he would never escape?"\
"Fair enough. I assume I will not find them playing chess."\
"I haven't seen either of them the entire day," Alek said, and one by one, the princes offered the same. Curious that 
\i both 
\i0 of them happened to be missing. It seemed the Sorcerer had made some contingency plans of his own, but still, the choice was narrowed down to two, and with his injury\'85\
"I will investigate," Elsa said. "All of you are to stay here."\
Fabian scoffed. "Stay here while a dangerous madman is on the loose?"\
"I don't believe he will have any interest in us," Stefan said offhandedly, somehow managing to sound extremely bored. "Hostages generally are of some importance to whoever is being extorted. I assume Queen Elsa would not go to any great lengths to save us?"\
"Absolutely not."\
"Then I will extend to you our thanks, for we are all the safer for your disregard," Stefan concluded, bowing for good measure. "Godspeed, Queen Elsa. Care nothing for us."\
Hans had been silent during the entire exchange, watching with uncharacteristic passivity, but now he wheeled around the crowd of his brothers until he was face-to-face with Anna. Elsa watched, mildly irritated, when Anna knelt down to his level and graced him with a smile. She was even 
\i more 
\i0 irritated when Hans gave a tight-lipped smile back.\
"Hey," Anna said gently. "It's great seeing you okay now. I told you that the wheelchair thing would work out! You still look gorgeous."\
"Yes. It's not so bad using one of these," Hans said, laughing quietly as he tapped his wheelchair with the nail of his thumb. And then his smile fell. "I wanted to apologize. Not just for the way I treated you when you visited me, but \'97 I have done so much wrong."\
"It wasn't really your fault."\
"Thank you, Anna. But I know better than anyone just how much I still need to atone for," Hans said. "I swear to you that I'll make up for everything."\
Elsa appreciated the sentiment enough, even if it was much too little, far too late, but now was hardly the time or the place. Nor did Hans deserve any of Anna's attention. "Anna. We need to keep moving."\
Hans gripped the wheelchair arms tight and stared up at Elsa. "You cannot be considering taking Anna with you. It's too dangerous\'97"\
"I can protect her."\
"Just like you did outside?" Hans demanded, and Elsa widened her eyes furiously. Hans had no right. It had been necessary. It 
\i had 
\i0 been, Elsa told herself that again and again, trying to stop her hands from shaking, but she felt cold surge to her fingers when Hans continued, "You let that monster attack Anna!"\
"I trust Elsa," Anna said quietly. When Anna glanced at her, Elsa looked away and tried to find her calm. She needed to be calm. Now wasn't the time. She couldn't afford to be emotional. Not even towards Anna. Anna looked away again and said, sounding much too sad, "Hans, I \'97 I chose already."\
"...All right," Hans said. "It's not my place to question you."\
"Are you done?" Elsa asked blankly. Block everything out. Think only of the objective. Focus only on the target. She needed to find the Sorcerer, and eliminate him. Nothing else mattered right now.\
Anna nodded. "I'm ready to go."\
"Should I accompany you too?" Saul asked. "Perhaps I could be of use\'97"\
"No." Elsa fixed him with a stare, and Saul bowed his head. "Anna alone will stay with me. As for the rest of you, stay here and you'll be safe enough."\
With a snap of her fingers, a similar prison to the one she built around the Sorcerer contained the princes, albeit with some space for them to breathe. At least it would shut Fabian up about being unprotected. Truthfully, while she 
\i would 
\i0 have little care for them if they were used against her, she would prefer to keep them alive if possible. After all, three princes had already been killed.\
And by the end of the day, she expected that number to rise to four.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna followed behind Elsa, trying not to think too much about what was to come.\
With the princes safely hidden, Elsa set off toward their wing of the castle without warning. She moved as though she had a tailwind propelling her forward, and what with the rapidly cooling air around them, Anna wouldn't be surprised if something 
\i was 
\i0 speeding her up. Elsa was gone so quickly that Anna practically had to jog to catch up, but once she started moving faster, a sharp pain lanced up her leg\'97\

\i Oh, God.
\i0 \
It felt like her leg wasn't even her own anymore. Anna bit her lip and continued on without saying anything, clenching one fist as though that could really distract her. Elsa slowed down once she noticed Anna lagging behind, but only after already going a long distance. She was well within the lounge area by the time Anna regained her footing, and though she hid it well, Anna could see she was impatient.\
"Y-You don't really expect to find either of them in their rooms?" Anna asked, partly surprised by the choice of destination, mostly to find something to occupy herself from the growing pain in her leg. Her voice nearly cracked despite her best efforts to keep calm.\
"Maybe not," Elsa said, too preoccupied to notice her slipup. "But either way, we learn something. Either they are in their room for me to interrogate, or they are elsewhere, at this hour."\
It wasalready night out, much too late for anyone to do much other than sleep or even be out of their room at all. It should have been the 
\i least 
\i0 suspicious place to be, except Anna knew Elsa must have realized being in their room right now was just as suspicious as being out. That would require them to completely dodge Alek throughout the day, and then conveniently reenter their room 
\i after 
\i0 Alek gathered everyone from their bedrooms. Not impossible, but unlikely.\
Passing into the two-ended bend that held all the princes' rooms, they arrived at the first door.\
It obviously belonged to Gustaf, though Anna had never given it much consideration. She had passed the room before, but only now did she notice it stood out from the rest. Of course only the best materials had been used even for the others, but theirs were impersonal, with a number embossed into the wood and little else. Gustaf alone had name and title, greater attention obvious in the elaborate finish. Even the wood used was a darker shade, practically black, while the others were brown.\
"At one point, Gustaf was the Crown Prince. Markus named him so from birth," Elsa said. She extended her hand towards the door, frowning so minusculely that Anna almost missed it. "Markus loved him the most, and Gustaf chose to betray him."\
And Markus had sent his wife and son to their deaths, Anna wanted to say, but she kept silent. Elsa seemed to take the betrayal as personally as Markus had, judging by the bitterness in her voice. Remembering how well it had went last time she said anything doubting Markus, Anna thought it best to avoid the subject for now.\
Elsa closed her fist, and with that, the black-wood door splintered and burst apart. Anna nearly jumped at the sudden explosion. Well, 
\i someone
\i0  was being dramatic. Elsa stepped past the rubble, but no one was inside. Anna barely had time to peek inside \'97 she saw a life-sized portrait on the wall and little else \'97 before Elsa exited again, face betraying a hint of frustration.\
"We're moving on," Elsa announced, and once again without waiting, she strode towards the opposite end of the bend.\
Anna kept silent as they trekked to Edmund's room. She took in deep breaths as silently as she could, but her leg hurt even more now. She could make it through this though. It was fine. Everything was going to be fine. One foot in front of the other, keep walking, forward march. It was almost like one of the games Anna used to play as a child, young and alone in the too-big castle in Arendelle, accompanied only by suits of armor and paintings. Search out the evil sorcerer with Joan at her side. That was all.\
Soon they arrived at Edmund's room.\
Elsa stormed in without ceremony, but like Gustaf, Edmund was nowhere to be found. Anna wasn't sure if she felt relieved at his absence. Edmund was still just as suspect as before. Sooner or later, they would find him. Sooner or later, he would need to give them an answer, and at this point, Anna really had no idea what to think. She would have liked to believe without reservation that Edmund was completely innocent, but she was trusting, not naive. It was a fine line between truth and blind faith.\
"What now?" Anna asked.\
"It's fine. I brought us here for another reason."\
Elsa led them out of the bend and back to the lounge, through the winding halls to the side, and Anna felt the keenest sense of d\'e9j\'e0 vu. When they encountered a dead end, Anna was suddenly struck by exactly why these particular halls felt so familiar. "Isn't this where\'85"\
"Where you first encountered the Sorcerer," Elsa finished. "And according to Alek, also where Edmund apparently vanished. We should learn much if we find out where he went from here."\
"Why are these halls even here?" Anna asked. She had a feeling they weren't built so the castle could harbor an evil sorcerer, but\'85 "Aren't dead ends sort of pointless?"\
"Originally, these halls were to provide a more direct route to the chapel and throne room. Markus later decided that the princes should continue taking the longer way around by first doubling back to the main hall, and construction was abandoned." Elsa strode forward and placed her hand against the stone wall. "I never understood either. I assumed it was more proper that way."\
Anna limped towards the wall, but then hesitated. Last time she did this, she had been hypnotized, blacked out, and then woke up hours later in her room without any recollection of the time in between. Not exactly the healthiest outcome. Still, Elsa was here. Nothing bad should happen this time around. Probably. She hoped. And really, that couldn't be worse than her leg anyway. She 
\i wanted 
\i0 to black out.\
Anna took some time to take a more detailed look at the seemingly useless wall. Just a square-shaped stone wall that blocked off the hallway leading to nowhere, nothing more. It was set apart from the two walls leading into it, strangely outlined on all sides by some sort of red-wood trim. No tapestry as decoration or even the same type of finishing on the other passages, leaving behind grey mortar that looked altogether unappealing. Anna was completely lost, but Elsa continued considering the wall with utmost concentration.\
"It's a chessboard," Elsa said suddenly.\
"How are you seeing that?" Anna breathed deeply when another jolt passed up her leg. Maybe this was a bad idea. She probably should have done something about this\'97\
"Look at the dimensions. Eight by eight. And no one would use blood rosewood for a simple wall trim. It's too rare. But I know someone who specifically chooses this wood for his chess sets\'85"\
"All right, but how does that\'97"\
Anna touched the wall, and her leg flared with indescribable agony. Stars erupting in her dimming vision, she stumbled backwards, tripped over an uneven patch of carpet, and the pain bursting through her leg finally became too much. One last mind-numbing burn ran up the entire length of her body like liquid fire, like scalding oil oozing all the way into her skull, and Anna fell to the floor with a loud cry. She screwed her eyes shut, tears falling regardless, and curled inwards. Elsa immediately whirled around and dropped down at her side, asked what was wrong, but Anna could only answer her with a whimper. Words failing, she pointed at her leg.\
She felt Elsa pull up the hem of her dress, and then heard her exhale a long hiss.\
"Why didn't you say anything?" Elsa asked.\
Anna forced herself up on one arm and looked back at her leg, only now seeing the angry red-and-black burn stretched across her lower leg and reaching up to her knee. Imprinted on her reddened skin was a black mark shaped like a hand, no doubt where the Sorcerer's shadows had seized her when pulling her out of the tower. With a shaking hand, Anna reached towards the inflamed skin.\
"Don't touch it," Elsa said, catching her midway. She ran her thumb over the back of Anna's hand before gently laying it back down on her lap. "Just wait, I'll take care of this."\
Anna bit back a groan when Elsa carefully placed her own hands over the wound, and she closed her eyes and looked away. It burned even more than before. Cold seemed to wake yet another round of scalding pain, like steam arising from a dying fire. But time passed. Anna cracked her eyes open, and the cold had become soothing, numbed the pain until she could barely feel it anymore.\
"You should have told me sooner," Elsa said.\
"I didn't want to slow you down." Anna forced a smile. It was little more than a slight upturning at the corners of her lips. "I already got in the way before, and I'm not going to be more of a burden than I already am. I know how important it is to you that we\'85that we find the Sorcerer."\
"Nothing is more important than you. I would never choose the Sorcerer over\'85" Elsa trailed off, and Anna winced when the cold intensified before stabilizing again. It had only been for a split second, but Anna noticed. Had Elsa lost control for some reason? She looked closely at the queen, almost missing the flash of guilt passing through her eyes before Elsa bowed her head. Silently, Elsa continued to pass her hands over the burn.\
"What's wrong?" Anna asked. Elsa still said nothing, and Anna added, "Come on, I know something is bothering you. Even when we were walking here, you seemed\'85weird. You always do this when you have something on your mind. You just shut down."\
"I let you get hurt," Elsa murmured. "I'm sorry I didn't notice, didn't pay enough attention. I'm sorry about many things, Anna."\
"What are you\'97"\
"I can't answer you right now." Elsa shook her head. "I'm sorry, Anna, but I \'97 I just can't. Not now."\
After a long stretch of silence, Anna exhaled a long breath and said, "Later, after everything has been taken care of, we should talk. About us, I mean."\
Elsa said nothing, but Anna never expected an answer. A white glow emanating from her hands, Elsa slowly drew away from her wound. To Anna's amazement the blackened mark peeled off like an ugly scab, dissolving into wisps of dark shadows that squirmed and writhed with unnatural vigor. It was as though they were trying to escape, but Elsa continued to draw them away until the entire thing had left her skin entirely. Several tendrils were left hovering in the air; Elsa froze them in her grasp.\
"Do you feel better?" Elsa asked.\
"Yeah." Now it was only a dull ache. Even the redness had calmed. Anna rose to her feet, still weak, but Elsa offered her arm and Anna steadied herself practically using her as a crutch. "Thanks. Now we still need to figure out this wall. Unless you want to, you know, just blast through it, or whatever."\
"I think\'85" Elsa held out her other hand, palm first, and the frozen shadows she still held drifted towards the chessboard wall. "A board should require pieces."\
Before their eyes, the shadows stretched and contorted, burning themselves onto the stone in an approximation of chess pieces. But they weren't placed as though the game were beginning. Instead, only a scant few were left and the dark pieces were clearly winning. Anna never played chess, but even she could tell when white was practically cornered.\
"Of course, we are playing as white," Elsa said. "It is our turn, and the point of this board is to find the correct swindle to turn the situation around."\
"\'85Please don't count on me for this."\
Elsa considered the game for a full minute, staring with unblinking eyes that flickered to and fro across the board. At last, her lips turned into a satisfied smile and she stretched out a hand. Ice pierced the white bishop and dragged it upwards, but Anna thought the game looked as bad as ever.\
"Zugzwang," Elsa explained. "Or compulsion to move. On the next turn, whatever move black chooses, they'll be put at a disadvantage."\
As though on cue the chessboard rumbled, the stonework trembling as though something was moving behind them. When the stone began to shift positions, Anna realized that the mortar 
\i itself
\i0  was moving. In the center, four blocks pushed inward and then folded back, somehow sticking to the other stones, and then again and again the process repeated, each block sliding into place with orchestrated grace. At last, the entire wall opened in front of them. Anna gaped at the revealed passage, a tunnel lit by candles held by ornate gold holders on both sides.\
"So this is how Edmund disappeared," Elsa mused.\
"Where do you think this leads?" Anna peered into the tunnel. So Edmund had once gone through here while evading Alek. And later, from behind that same wall Edmund had known how to cross, the Sorcerer had spoken to her. Considering just how the passage was 
\i opened
\i0 \'85\
Did that mean Edmund\'85?\
"I know this might be hard for you, but you have to stay with me. I can't keep you safe otherwise," Elsa said, taking Anna's hand in her own. "Are you ready, Anna?"\
Anna took a deep breath, and nodded.\
She was born ready.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 \cb1 I am the monster who burns in hell but yearns for heaven.
\i0\b0 \

\i\b I am the shadow who toils in darkness but dreams of beauty.
\i0\b0 \

\i\b I am the burdened.
\i0\b0 \

\i\b And my name is...
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Eerily enough, the wall reformed behind them.\
Elsa took the lead, guiding her through the tunnel at a slower pace than before, and Anna gratefully followed behind while clutching her proffered arm. It helped to lessen the weight she had to put on her leg, but half of her dependency was from d\'e9j\'e0 vu. Walking through the half-illuminated tunnel reminded her too much of the basement in the warehouse. Anna half-expected to walk into the same scenes of carnage she had witnessed there, but thankfully, the route was clear and the drab stone never deviated from its refreshing normality.\
It was a short tunnel, all things considered, and though they took one or two turns, the way had been straightforward. At the end, they were greeted by a wall of stained glass, just the barest hints of light filtering through to send scattered rays onto the stone floor where they walked.\
"Stand back," Elsa said, and Anna did just that, propping herself against the side of the tunnel. Maybe Elsa had tired of puzzles. This time she raised her hand so that a spear of ice blossomed into existence, and without further ado, launched it into the glass.\
With an earsplitting crack the glass shattered into hundreds of pieces, all colors and all varieties of stained fragments littering the floor.\
Edmund sat just across from them, watching with widened eyes.\
"Wh-What are you two\'85" Edmund trailed off, breaths harshening.\
Elsa stepped over the threshold and Anna joined her, glass shards crunching under her boots. It was the chapel they had stepped into, the stained glass window on the far end what they had shattered to enter. A small place, but still lavishly decorated. At the front of the chapel lay a candled altar, beyond that the glass Elsa had broken. Lush red carpet covered most of the marble floor, adorned with benches made of redwood, and two murals were placed on either side of the wall. Archangel Michael, and the Dragon.\
Edmund sat in the second row of benches, and Anna thought he hardly looked like himself. His skin had always been fair but now he was too pale, too drained, practically bloodless, and the black circles ringing his eyes made the contrast ever starker. Even his normally wild hair had been allowed to hang over his forehead, reaching so far as to dip into his eyes. When he saw Anna, he offered a tentative smile.\
Anna didn't smile back. "Are you okay?"\
"Yeah," Edmund said, smile widening just enough to begin to look genuine, but not enough to ever convince. It still looked pained. "Yeah, I'm all right."\
"You don't look all right."\
"Hey, I take offense to that." Edmund cracked another smile, but when Anna gave no response, his face fell. "Maybe I'm having an off day, but at least try to be nice about breaking that to me."\
Elsa stepped past the altar and closer to Edmund. "Stay where you are and show me your right arm. Do not make any sudden moves."\
"\'85Whoa, wait just a minute." Edmund gave a nervous laugh. "Will someone tell me what's going on? You two just busted down the glass and walked in from wherever, and now this sounds so serious\'97"\
"Keep talking and I'll just kill you right now," Elsa said.\
Edmund only frowned and opened his mouth to argue. Before he could say anything, Anna cut in and said, "Please just do what she says."\
At her warning, Edmund quieted. Slowly, keeping his eyes trained on Elsa, he raised his right arm, keeping his hand open and fingers outstretched. Anna released a breath she hadn't realized she was holding at the sight of his perfectly healthy arm, not broken or suffering from frostbite.\
"Are you happy now?" Edmund asked, but he sounded more puzzled than cross. "Can someone tell me what this is all about already?"\
Edmund rose to his feet and Anna was just about to answer when Elsa flung out her hand towards the prince. A powerful gale forced Edmund back down, the chandelier above freezing over and swinging from the violent outburst.\
"You can move from where you are when I tell you to," Elsa said. "Stay put, or you die."\
"But his arm was fine," Anna said quickly, gaze flickering back and forth from Edmund, seated with terror written on his ashen face, and Elsa, staring the prince down with hand outstretched, cold aura practically visible and fingertips crackling with electricity.\
"At this point, I'm going to need some answers regardless," Elsa said, never looking away from Edmund for an instant. "Where have you been the whole day?"\
"I was with Kristoff out in the stables! You can go ask him, I'm always there, Anna knows that too\'97"\
"And I'm sure he would say that you were there whether or not you actually were."\
"Are you serious? Why would he lie for me?"\
Elsa ignored the question, but Anna understood her suspicion. Neither of them could be sure exactly what the Sorcerer was capable of, but after her brief time under his control, Anna knew firsthand just how natural it felt to follow his commands. Kristoff disliked the acts Elsa had committed during her rule, and conversely was fond of Edmund. It might be within reason, while under that hazy spellbound trance, when the world seemed simple and their actions unrestricted, to lie for no greater purpose than spite.\
"Do you know where Gustaf is right now?" Elsa asked.\
"N-No." Edmund shook his head and pressed his back against the bench, leaning as far away from Elsa as possible. "I haven't seen him, I swear\'97"\
"You're going to have to answer me with something concrete," Elsa said, and another gale of frigid air whipped around her in concert with her agitation. "I'm running out of patience."\
"Please, Sis\'97"\
"Don't even try," Elsa said, features harshening. "Be evasive as you want answering those questions, but try to dodge this one. Alek saw you disappear into the abandoned path. Just now, I needed to use the Sorcerer's magic to get open the pathway, so how did 
\i you 
\i0 manage?"\
For once, Edmund had nothing to say. Instead he sat mutely, breathing becoming ragged, lips slightly parted as his eyes moved from Elsa to Anna. Looking at her the entire time, he shook his head, slowly, and then swallowed. "I-I don't know what you're talking about," Edmund croaked. "I never went there."\
"Will you please just be honest?" Anna pleaded.\
"I'm telling the truth." Edmund clutched the bench in front of him with both hands. "I don't know anything more! What do you want from me?"\
Anna knew that was a lie. She remembered their conversation when she found him mourning Reid, telling her to be careful. And when she asked if he wanted to tell her something\'85\
"Back then, you said to me that you 
\i couldn't 
\i0 tell me anything, not that you had nothing to tell me." Anna took a step closer to Edmund. When Elsa threw out her other arm to block her advance, Anna gently nudged her aside and continued on, ignoring her warning. "Please just tell us what you know."\
Edmund bowed his head and exhaled a choked breath. "Don't make me."\
"You have to," Anna urged. "Edmund, I don't know why you won't say anything, but please, you have to tell us now or all of this craziness is going to be blamed on you."\
"Well, that's what she does best. Blame everything on everyone. Act like the whole world owes her something." Edmund looked up at Elsa, lips pulled back into a snarl. "Goddamnit, Elsa. Why can't you just leave well enough alone?"\
"You're speaking nonsense," Elsa said.\
"Edmund," Anna said again, but the prince looked to be on the verge of a breakdown, looking everywhere and nowhere, eyes moving frantically but gaze unfocused. "Edmund! Listen to me!"\
Edmund grabbed onto Anna, reaching across the bench to hold her arms. Anna immediately yelled for Elsa to stop, knowing she would attack him, but \'97 Edmund wasn't a threat.\
"My head hurts. It hurts, hurts, hurts, hurts, hurts," Edmund babbled, shaking his head furiously. "It hurts so much, God, make it stop, please, I feel like I'm going to die, I feel him in my head\'97!"\
Anna knelt and placed her hands on his shoulders, but when he continued to be unresponsive she grabbed his face and tilted his head up. Edmund was crying. His eyes were bloodshot, the left eye having broken several blood vessels so that the red mixed into his tears and painted an entire side of his face. Another trail of blood spilled from his nose. Anna gasped and looked back to Elsa, but even she was lost. She dropped her stance and came closer, but there was nothing to be done; Edmund had broken down completely, now thrashing about and screaming at the top of his lungs.\
"It has to be the Sorcerer," Elsa said, trying her best to keep the prince still, but Edmund possessed a desperate, feral strength. "We need to find him, or Edmund is going to die. Where is Gustaf\'97!"\
Anna pulled away, choking back sobs at the sight of Edmund breaking right in front of her eyes, and she yelled, "Enough already!" No response from the Sorcerer, but reason had left her mind so she continued, moving to and fro within the chapel, spinning around as though she could find the Sorcerer, yelling, "Stop! You're killing him! Don't you care at all that he was trying to protect you! 
\i Just stop
\i0 !"\
Another high-pitched scream from Edmund ripped through the chapel, reverberating through the chamber, and then complete silence. Anna whirled around to see Edmund lying spread-eagle on the bench, unmoving, with his face covered in blood. Elsa backed away silently, blinking once, twice, and then looking away. So this was how it ended. Anna knelt on the floor. Edmund was\'85\
Anna heard him cough.\
She looked back.\
And then a shadow burst forth from the rafters, swooping towards Anna, and only the shifting air made her look up to see her impending death approaching on swift wings. Anna could only react with widening eyes, seeing the outstretched hand reaching towards her, clawed fingers alight with black flame, and Elsa whirled to face them but she was too late, she could do nothing\'97\
Edmund lunged forward and grabbed Anna, bracing her with his body as they rolled away, and the shadow grazed his back instead.\
Elsa launched a lightning bolt towards the shadow and her aim was true, blasting the dark nebula into the altar, and then the shadows congealed.\
Gustaf lay prone at the base of the altar, the light of the candles illuminating his face under the shattered pieces of a skull mask, and the search was over.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa raced towards Anna, but she need not have feared. Anna was unharmed. She had sat up and was now cradling Edmund, the prince once again completely still, but his ragged breathing told them he was, thankfully, still alive. It was strange that only minutes ago, she had been so frustrated with his silence that she almost lashed out; Elsa felt only gratitude for him now, had never been as grateful for anyone. If not for him, she might have lost Anna.\
"H-Hey," Anna said. "Oh, God. Are you all right?"\
Edmund choked out, "Fine. But\'85him\'85?"\
Elsa turned to the masked figure lying on the floor and ripped his mask off completely, revealing Gustaf. She didn't need to check his right arm as confirmation of the man she had battled before. It was missing entirely, likely self-amputated. Elsa seized him by the throat and pinned him against the altar, holding him trapped. Gustaf was still conscious. Black eyes flickered once towards Edmund before facing her.\
"It was you," Elsa said. She was partly surprised that it was Gustaf, and feeling surprise at all was yet another surprise. Elsa had never fixed her suspicions on any one prince in particular, nor discounted any of them as a possibility, but Gustaf having been the Sorcerer just seemed 
\i wrong
\i0 . Yet here he was.\
"It was me," Gustaf agreed. Elsa searched his face, looking for any sign of confusion, but his black eyes held only startling clarity. Gustaf laughed a deep, bellowing laugh. "If you are still wary, I assure you that I am not under control. My thoughts are my own. My actions are by my own volition."\
Edmund broke into hacking coughs, for some reason trying to crawl his way towards Gustaf, but Anna held him back. Elsa let go of her doubts and slammed Gustaf into the altar again, but he continued laughing. "So this is what your justice has become, hiding in the shadows and killing from afar."\
"It is beyond your comprehension," Gustaf said. "Everything has been for the greater good. It would have been salvation even for you, Elsa."\
"I don't need your salvation." Elsa turned towards Edmund. "Is that your idea of the greater good? I thought you cared for Edmund. Look what you've done to him."\
"G-Gustaf does\'85" Edmund said weakly. "You do\'85"\
"No," Anna said, pulling Edmund closer, speaking to Gustaf through angry tears. "After all that he's done for you. Do you know how broken up he was trying to protect you?"\
"I'm so sorry, Gustaf\'85I didn't realize\'85I didn't mean for this to happen\'85"\
Gustaf looked away. "Edmund is my greatest regret. But one day, hopefully he will understand."\
"It's too late for regrets," Elsa said. "You are going to tell me everything. What you were planning. Why you did all this. Start talking."\
"I would have thought that you should care nothing for the reasoning of a madman," Gustaf said. "Why this sudden change, Elsa?"\
It was true. When Anna had suggested hearing the Sorcerer out, Elsa had dismissed the idea as foolish. But now, seeing Gustaf here, thinking back on the things he had told her, remembering the strange ideologies he had always possessed, Elsa suddenly realized she wanted to know more. If anything, Anna seemed more unreceptive of him now. She looked murderous, angrier than Elsa had ever seen her.\
"My reasons are of no concern to you," Elsa said.\
"Then I say the same to you."\
Elsa snarled. But what could she do to threaten this man who knew his death was approaching, who had no living attachments and no reason, no purpose for living any longer? As if sensing her thoughts, Gustaf shook his head and looked at her with something like pity.\
"All of us have some sort of reason, though we may not be able to see," Gustaf said.\
"You told me differently not long ago," Elsa said. It was always the same. No matter when, Gustaf was always an enigma. "Before we fought, you told me that life has no meaning because it must end."\
"And despite yourself, you found yourself agreeing with that philosophy, you thought that the words of the masked monster were sensible, that what lay beneath the mask may as well have been your own face for all that his thoughts reflected your own." Gustaf smiled. "I'm a consummate liar who speaks in riddles. Perhaps you ought to think for yourself. Or is it true that you have worn masks for so long that you cannot find your own face and your own self?"\
Anna growled, "Speak for yourself\'97"\
"Anna, take Edmund out of here," Elsa said, and with visible effort, the redhead looked away from Gustaf. She still trembled with anger. "Find Saul so he can give Edmund medical attention."\
"All right. Edmund is more important," Anna said, and she rose to her feet, pulling the prince to his feet, practically carrying the boy all on her own. "You're gonna be okay. I got you."\
"Wait\'85Gustaf\'85I'm so sorry\'85"\
"As am I, Edmund," Gustaf said, smiling a small, sad smile, following Edmund with his eyes every step of the way until Anna had taken him away.\
Now they were finally alone. Elsa watched Gustaf close his eyes and lean his head back, breathing shallow breaths. She had struck him directly with her lightning. She doubted he would live for much longer, and his powers were no doubt the only thing keeping him alive at this point. If she didn't ask her questions now, she would never be able to get answers.\
"What will it take for you to talk?"\
"Tell me why you wish to hear my answers," Gustaf said. "No more evasion here at this end between us. What makes you so curious, so suddenly?"\
Elsa clenched her jaw. She had no alternative. As always, she was caught in the current and being led along, her pace out of her own control. Even lying battered and defeated, Gustaf held the advantage.\
"Everything you said," Elsa muttered, "I agreed with you. I see the world the same way. I think that there is no meaning to be found in life, and I want to know why you think that way."\
Gustaf sighed, sounding disappointed. "Of course you would. Ask your questions."\
It was strange. She hadn't expected him to agree so easily, but Elsa nodded all the same. "How much of what you said was truth? I cannot believe that Markus would do any of what you said. When I chose to make a reliquary, he was staunchly against my decision."\
"Truth is a fickle thing. Perspective skews events, so that we all live within our own realities. You think he was against you creating a reliquary. I think he forced your hand. So, let me pass one final warning to you about Father," Gustaf said. "Do not trust him. Father does not have your best interests in mind."\
"Perhaps not yours," Elsa said, shaking her head. "Why did you betray Markus? Nobody has ever known the reason. When I asked Markus, even he said nothing."\
"Because his ambition would bring ruin to everything, and I \'97 I had found something worth protecting. But now they are lost to me. Because I failed, I doomed them."\
"You're being vague."\
"Some answers are not meant for you," Gustaf said. "None of this concerns you. You are not asking the right questions. But then, you never have."\
Elsa frowned but dropped the subject. She could not pry answers from him if he refused to share, and that was an uncomfortable truth. "What is it that you think I should be asking?"\
"For the rest of our time together, I would like to move the conversation to more pleasant topics," Gustaf said. Elsa noticed his breathing had slowed, that he kept his eyes closed. It was as though he could not bear to open them again. "Let us talk\'85about you."\
"What is there to talk about? I need to know 
\i your 
\i0 thoughts\'97"\
"So that you might better understand your own?" Gustaf hummed from the back of his throat. "No, that would be a mistake. It is a mistake you have already made, Elsa."\
"Speak clearly."\
"Think back to another conversation we had. I told you once that a cage is only a cage when one is blind to their prison," Gustaf said. "Do you remember? Do you see your cage now?"\
"There is no cage," Elsa said.\
"There is always a cage. We fight our whole lives trying to free ourselves from our trappings, and that fight, I believe, becomes the noblest of battles. It is the battle to find ourselves. But you\'85" Gustaf sighed. "You have given up the fight. You have denied yourself."\
"You spoke of denial and delusion before, but I have denied nothing."\
Gustaf laughed wearily. "Reliquaries are a perversion of everything it means to be human. We are not meant to live with filtered emotions. You cannot eschew parts of yourself and find something else to fill the gap. Your identity can be none but your own, Elsa. You have fallen into the same trap as me."\
"\'85When I spoke with the Sorcerer, he mentioned that he had \'97 you mentioned that you had \'97 created a reliquary. And that it was killing you. Will the same thing happen to me?"\
"It depends on your definition of death," Gustaf said. "If you are speaking of physical death, then no, your reliquary will not kill you. But that would be a mercy compared to the death of the self. Slowly, it will rob you of everything that ever made you who you are, until you are nothing but an empty husk bereft of life, and you will cease to be Elsa. It is the worst kind of death. It is already happening."\
"No," Elsa said, trying and failing to fight back the sudden dread in her veins, "I don't believe that. I can feel again. Ever since meeting Anna, I've been more and more alive. You said it yourself, that solitude breeds contempt, that we need assistance to learn humanity\'97"\
"So you 
\i do 
\i0 heed my advice." Gustaf took one more rattling breath, and he smiled hopefully. "Good. But remember\'85none of that will be enough if you do not\'85yourself\'85want to be more."\
"What are you\'97?" When Gustaf did not respond, Elsa shook him by the shoulders. "Answer me! What are you trying to say? I've had enough of your riddles\'97!"\
"Then hear no more, as you will not listen regardless," Gustaf said, looking pained, wincing through a shudder that wracked his body. "I have had enough, Elsa. Spare me this pain at least. End this."\
Elsa drew away. Gustaf had fallen silent and would not yield any more answers, and certainly none that she would understand. She rose to her feet and stepped back. She could give him this, at least.\
With one final strike of ice, the shadows abated at last.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 So ends the Sorcerer Arc. Loose ends will be wrapped up very soon, I promise. Indescribable thanks to Woody for betaing this humongous chapter, because this would not be half as good without her help.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 31: The Prodigal Son
\b0 \
Anna knocked once, thrice, and then once more.\
As usual, Edmund called for her to come in, and Anna slid open a newly repaired door to step into the bedroom of the twelfth prince. Edmund was still bedridden, with his eye bandaged so that a good quarter of his face was hidden behind gauze. Half of his hair was flattened under the bandaging while the other half stuck out like a porcupine. Upon seeing Anna his lips turned into a smile and he waved. It was a small smile and a small gesture, incomparable to his old cheer, but Anna was glad to see them anyway. She returned his smile, crossed over to his side, and took a seat.\
"Hey, you're looking lots better today," Anna said.\
Edmund chortled. "Are you saying that because my face is hidden?"\
"Yeah! Definitely an improvement."\
"Mean," Edmund grumbled. "Well, I'm actually conscious this time so anything you want to talk about besides the integrity of my face?"\
Her visits had begun immediately after the Sorcerer incident, once Saul deemed Edmund strong enough for visitors. Anna had never asked about the extent of Edmund's involvement, and an unspoken agreement had formed between her and Elsa that they were not to interrogate him. Elsa wanted to, Anna was sure of it, and some part of her knew that the answers were necessary; but Edmund had barely been conscious the first time she visited, and hardly better the second. It was only now that his face regained some color.\
She spent much of her first visit observing Edmund's room while he rested, and only then did Anna realize she had never been inside. It was neater than she expected. Judging from the flippant way Edmund behaved, she imagined his room to be an absolute mess, but reality was the exact opposite. Edmund kept his room pristine, so much so that it couldn't have been attributed to maids and servants alone. It had to take conscious effort for the triple bookcase with ladder and rail to be perfectly sorted, and Anna noticed the mind-boggling plethora of languages it contained: English, Spanish, French, Greek, Italian, German, Romanian, Russian, Latin, even Chinese, and several others Anna couldn't name. Strangest of all was that none of the books were to 
\i teach 
\i0 the languages, but was actual literature.\
"Are you actually fluent in all those?" Anna asked.\
"Thirteen languages," Edmund answered. At her awestruck expression, he laughed and tapped the side of his head. "It's not hard. I have a good memory and an even better focus when I put my mind to it."\
"Oh, that's right," Anna said. "You have eidetic memory."\
"True, but I don't think I ever told you that," Edmund said, smiling much too smugly with his head cocked to one side. "After all, I would remember."\
"It was\'85" Anna shrugged without elaboration. Best not to mention the reliquary. "Never mind. You know, Elsa has eidetic memory too."\
"I wouldn't be surprised." Gesturing to the rest of his room, Edmund added, "Did anything else catch your eye, beside the fascinating bookcase?"\
Truth be told, everything in his room was faintly fascinating. It was like an amalgamation of the personalities of all the princes contained in this one room, cluttered by sheer volume but orderly in placement. On one side of the room were three paintings, all of them Biblical, with the centerpiece an over-large depiction of Archangel Michael and the Dragon. Stefan. Placed in front of them was a grand piano with the sheet music for Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata. Rafael. On a rack adjacent to the bed lay a longsword and a shorter parrying dagger. Alek and Alvard. Even Saul was represented by a tea set in one corner of the room, and Anna knew Edmund had a working knowledge of wine to account for Reid.\
"None of that 
\i really 
\i0 interests me," Edmund said, shrugging nonchalantly when Anna gave him a questioning glance. "It's just easier, you know, to be inspired by the others. So I copied what they did, what they liked. I thought that this way, maybe I could find what was really\'85me."\
But aside from the others, most prominent of all was Gustaf. While everything else was placed with impersonally perfect organization, sitting crookedly on the windowsill was a chessboard with moved pieces. There was no table set or any other surface meant for the board, or even proper seats. Anna could imagine Gustaf and Edmund sitting casually on the sill while they played.\
"\'85What about that?" Anna asked.\
Edmund looked towards the window as though startled, and for a moment Anna thought he might not answer. At least, until his lips formed a small smile. "It was\'85fun. I actually liked playing chess. I was never very good, you know, but I had fun. And he would always tell me I was 
\i too 
\i0 focused, I needed to set myself free. But\'85that's just not how my mind works. Everything he tried to teach me, I just \'97 I could never understand. Not just chess. I can't understand what he did."\
"You two really were close," Anna murmured.\
Anna had doubted that when she thought about what Gustaf did in the chapel. But then none of it seemed to match the way she had seen them interact, the words Gustaf gave Edmund at the end. And, especially, the look in Edmund's eyes now. It was the same as Gustaf at the chapel. Maybe Anna still didn't understand, but there 
\i was 
\i0 a bond there.\
"\'85We were. Weren't we?" Edmund stilled and placed his hands in his lap, but they still shook and he never stopped staring downwards, curling the fingers of his right hand inwards and then out again. "Yeah, we really were."\
Anna didn't say anything. Edmund wasn't speaking to her, not anymore.\
"\'85Sometimes I thought otherwise. I chafed at his direction, I resented him. But at the end, I realized how much he cared." Edmund released a deep groan, guttural and almost animalistic at the end, when his frustration spilled over and he burrowed his head in his hands. Though he looked pained, Anna knew it wasn't any injury that bothered him. "I just don't understand. What he did doesn't make any sense. I never thought that Gustaf\'85!"\
"Everything will be fine now," Anna murmured. "If you want to talk\'97"\
Edmund's head snapped up, his previously troubled eyes clearing with sudden, vivid clarity. "You didn't come here to talk about my room. Did you, Anna?"\
"S-Sorry, I didn't mean to pry\'97"\
"No, I understand." Edmund took a deep breath, and just like that, his composure returned in the blink of an eye. In all honesty, the sudden change was startling rather than comforting. If she hadn't just witnessed his honest frustration, Anna would have been fooled by his seemingly genuine smile. His lips were tilted just the right way, slightly lopsided, and even his eyes curved into crinkled half-moons. It was 
\i too 
\i0 real. Edmund might have noticed her hesitation, because he asked, "Is something wrong?"\
"Nothing," Anna said quickly. "I-I'm sorry, I don't know what to say all of a sudden."\
"Gotcha. Guess I'll just start talking, but I'm sure you've guessed. I always knew what Gustaf was\'85doing." Edmund kept his face straight when he spoke, without pause and without break. It was a methodical, mechanicalthing. "Or I thought I did, but I didn't really realize the extent until you told me about the Sorcerer. After that, I went to tell him, and that was when Alek saw me vanish. Gustaf pulled me through. And then later, he told me to wait in the chapel while he went to the reliquary. All this time, I was trying to convince Gustaf not to hurt anyone, but\'85I'm sorry, Anna."\
It took ten seconds of silence for Anna to realize that Edmund was done. She thought he might say more, but she decided against pushing. It was over, and she knew what she needed to anyway.\
"You tried," Anna said.\
"\'85Yeah. I really did."\
There was so much more she could have said. She should have chastised him for not speaking up, could have offered him some sort of comfort, but any other words Anna might have said were strangled in her throat. She ended up silently sitting with the prince for a time, during which he would repeatedly clench and unclench his hand.\
Suddenly Edmund broke the silence. "Will you go with me to somewhere?"\
Anna hurriedly stood when Edmund pushed off the bed and swung his legs over the side. "Wait! Are you sure you should be going anywhere?"\
"I'll be fine." Edmund took a few steps toward the door, then spun on his heel and stretched out his arms. "See? Perfect."\
"Where do you even\'85?" Anna drew in a sharp intake of breath when she realized. "You want to go to Gustaf's room. So you need me." Elsa had sealed the room since his death, but of course, Anna could get through without incident. But she knew Elsa wouldn't want anyone intruding. "But, Edmund\'97"\
"Please, I need this," Edmund said somberly, dropping his arms and looking Anna dead in the eyes. "I never thought I would say this, but I've never needed anything more. Please, Anna."\
She couldn't refuse.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Everything had moved so quickly afterwards.\
Elsa knew she ought to report to Markus. She had already failed to keep his cryonic sleep undisturbed, allowing the Sorcerer to infiltrate the tower not just once but twice, and herself nearly destroying the entire chamber with her redirected attack from the Mirror. During the battle, she had focused on protecting Anna rather than Markus and left him vulnerable. She could argue that his defenses were already too powerful to be destroyed, but she knew that she had prioritized Anna. Elsa doubted that Markus would be pleased with her decisions. It would be best to make her report now.\
But she was exhausted.\
Less than a week had passed since the battle and ensuing search, and Elsa was already weary beyond measure. She had revealed the plotting of the Sorcerer to the rest of the princes, linked him to the deaths of Alvard, Tobias, and Reid, and finally unveiled his identity with news of Gustaf. A much-reduced court of the remaining nine princes \'97 Edmund, still bedridden from the ordeal \'97 stood at attention. They had reacted as Elsa suspected they would.\
It was utter pandemonium.\
Fabian, always a staunch supporter of Gustaf, claimed that she fabricated the whole thing to be rid of the eldest prince who was mandated to rule; Rafael, always a voice of dissent against his brothers, replied with caustic remarks delivered in his trademark infuriating calm. Between the two of them and the mingled voices of the rest, Cyrus adding to the chaos and Alek hardly helping with his lack of tact, Elsa was left with a growing headache. Once, she would have silenced them all with magic. Now, for whatever reason, she just didn't care enough to even bother.\
Thankfully Saul had interjected with much needed reason, and Fabian quieted. Perhaps it was merit of his complete blood-relation with Gustaf, but Saul seemed to have filled in the vacuum left in his wake; Cyrus and Fabian now looked to him for direction. Hans had actually helped as well, calming Alek, and Saul gave Elsa a discrete nod before patching over the dicey situation with incredible adroitness.\
Later in private, Elsa told him, "Sometimes I wonder why Markus did not bestow to you the right to rule. You keep them in line better than I ever could."\
"Only because I care to do so. If you were so inclined, you could do the same," Saul said.\
They were in her office, Saul brewing herbal tea to alleviate her headaches as she perused documents in preparation of the burial for Gustaf. She had no idea why she was doing this. Perhaps Edmund had infected her with his sentimentality. Perhaps some small part of her had sympathized for the Sorcerer's plight. Or, perhaps, she had respected 
\i Gustaf
\i0  more than she realized. Truthfully, Elsa still could not reconcile the two as the same person. She didn't think of this as a burial for the Sorcerer. Only Gustaf.\
"Do you begrudge me at all for killing your brother?" Elsa asked.\
Saul paused for a moment before resuming his brewing, pouring boiling water into a clay kettle sitting over a bed of coals, allowing it to steep the leaves. "You should know already."\
"Since his death has given you a more favorable position in the court\'85" Elsa laughed mirthlessly when Saul turned to her with protest on his tongue. "I apologize."\
"It's true enough," Saul admitted. "My influence over the others has strengthened, and even Rafael will heed my words. At least I can help you keep them in line."\
"Thank you." Elsa accepted the offer of tea and sipped on the caustic, bitter drink without hesitation. Its horrid taste was soothing, somehow realer than the sweetness of chocolate. It lingered.\
"Alek may yet be a problem." Saul sighed when Elsa raised an eyebrow. "I admire his skill and especially his courage, but at the same time, Alek has a certain disrespect for authority. You cannot have forgotten already. It was not so long ago that he challenged your rule."\
"Alek is loyal to Anna, and that is more than enough," Elsa said.\
Anna did have a strange ability to bring out another side to the people she met. Alek was not the first, or even the most dramatic; Elsa had known that beneath his dislike for her had been someone determined to do good. It was nothing short of a miracle, however, that 
\i Hans 
\i0 was now helping with the supply caravans. Once too absorbed in his vengeance to think of anyone else, Hans had now even volunteered to join the excursions into castle town and survey what more needed to be done for the people. Considering the changes in 
\i herself
\i0 , Elsa had no doubts about Anna's influence.\
Saul frowned. "But you are certain that her priorities lie with you?"\
"Where else would they be?"\
"Forgive me for being blunt, but\'85" Saul cleared his throat when Elsa motioned for him to continue. "I have noticed some friction between you lately. Might her priorities have shifted?"\
"I have never doubted Anna," Elsa said, placing her tea aside to regard Saul with her full attention. "We will be as we were soon enough."\
"At the end of the day, Anna is not one of us. She belongs with Arendelle," Saul stressed, and whether due to exhaustion weakening her defenses or her own fears growing too great to suppress, Elsa recoiled at the mention of her old home. As if sensing her apprehension, Saul added, "She is not yours."\
"Enough." Elsa rose from her seat and strode to the windows, looking out to the white plains of snow that were her haven. It was not Arendelle and not, even, the Southern Isles. It belonged only to her.\
Not like Anna. Elsa had never meant to or even wanted to possess her, but the distance had grown and she knew, deep down, that Anna wasn't happy here. They were so far apart now. Elsa spent most of her time ensconced in her office, and Anna was occupied with either Edmund or Hans and Alek. Elsa treasured every moment of their brief time together, whether at meals or at night, but their promised talk had not yet occurred. It hung over them, an unspoken guillotine not unnoticed, because Elsa didn't have the courage to admit aloud something she had always known.\
Neither of them was happy.\
Elsa waved Saul away without looking back, content, for now, to gaze alone upon the wide plains of snow and forget her troubles in its pure, untainted expanse.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was a short walk.\
Anna pressed her hand against the wall of ice sealing Gustaf's bedroom, and as had happened so many times before, the barrier shattered like fragile glass. At this point she really ought to be used to it, but the sight still surprised her just as much as the first time. It was practically proof of Elsa's acceptance, and despite everything now standing between them, the sight relieved her just a bit.\
"All right, here we\'85are."\
She quieted when Edmund pushed past her to stand directly at the doorway. His hand outstretched to clutch the side of the arch as his eyes roved the room, and he stood motionless, unbreathing, so completely still that he could have been a mannequin. Finally, his eyes turned towards the ground, to the shattered remnants of the black-wood door that Elsa had destroyed. Taking a deep breath, he stepped past the splintered fragments and entered the room.\
Anna followed.\
Last time she had been here, she had only the briefest glimpse. Compared to the lavish door, everything inside was simple, practically austere. In fact, there was nothing of luxury save for the black-and-white flooring. Contrary to the needlessly enormous beds of the other princes, Gustaf had the thin, uncomfortable mattress of a peasant. A chest lay at the foot of the bed, but it was plain, wooden. On an equally plain table were scattered sheets of rice paper for calligraphy, though, strangely, adorned with the occasional paperfolded crane.\
But there was one striking thing about the room. Anna had noticed last time, but only now, standing closer, could she really admire the portrait hanging on the far wall, placed over a small altar along with more of the paper cranes, and even a bouquet of paper flowers. She walked closer, awestruck by the beautiful woman depicted. Something about her was familiar. She possessed a distinctly graceful, feminine air, gentle, and she wore the plain clothing that a commoner might. Her features were soft, framed by long white-blonde hair, and her eyes were kind, curved into half-moons when she smiled.\
"Celina," Edmund explained, stepping towards the altar and then kneeling. Anna watched, confused, as he touched his forehead to the floor before rising. "She was Gustaf's wife."\
"Oh." It made sense. Anna had been thrown by how young the woman looked, but now she remembered that Celina had been exiled twenty years ago.\
"Gustaf made me bow every time I came inside," Edmund said, but he was smiling and looked not the slightest bit irritated by the practice. "Well, I don't mind. I'm not sure why, but I like seeing her."\
"You know\'85" Anna looked to the portrait and back to Edmund, and it clicked in her mind why the woman had looked familiar. "She reminds me of you."\
"Really?" Edmund laughed.\
"Actually, yeah, really." Other than the different hair color, Edmund shared many of the same features: pale skin, slender nose, a heart-shaped face with a slightly wide forehead and pointed chin, but most prominent of all was their eyes. Celina's were grey-blue and Edmund's black, but they were the exact same shape, close-set, hooded and almond-shaped. They even curved the same way when they smiled.\
It was uncanny.\
But Edmund had walked away and didn't answer, instead rummaging through the chest after having somehow opened the lock while Anna was engrossed with the portrait of Celina. Edmund pulled out sheets of used calligraphy paper and set them aside, peering down into the chest with eyebrows furrowed, and Anna joined him to see a large envelope marked with his name. Slowly, Edmund withdrew the envelope. Anna watched, perplexed, as he only stared at it.\
"Aren't you going to open that?" Anna asked.\
"I should, but I'm not sure I want to." Edmund flipped the envelope over in his hands so that the wax seal was visible. "Do you think I ought to?"\
"It's yours," Anna said. "You can just throw it away if you want, or you can read it. It's up to you. But\'85I'll be here if you want me to be."\
Edmund nodded and, without hesitation, broke the seal open.\
Several sheets of paper fell out.\

\i Edmund,
\i0 \

\i If I know you as well as I hope, then you will come here for answers following my death. You will not have understood. You will, having raged at the unknown, come here believing I can provide what you seek. But I confess that beyond that, I have no predictions or even hopes for you. Of what you find here, I cannot know what you will take away. And, truth be told, that terrifies me. I have never placed much stock in hope. It has failed me time and time again. 
\i0 \

\i I wonder if you will bow to Ina once you arrive here. I hope I have engrained that custom into your mind, if not your heart and soul. You have gazed upon her face but you have never seen, and that is why I worry. But perhaps I place too little faith in you now, just as, once, I placed too much. Regardless, I owe you answers. It is my duty to you, and one I have neglected. Perhaps that is why\'85 
\i0 \

\i But I digress. 
\i0 \

\i Let me tell you about a man named Gustaf, and how his life began and ended. 
\i0 \

\i Once, he was Crown Prince of the Southern Isles. Justice was his creed and power his birthright. Born with the gift of shadow, his retribution was strong enough to cleanse the world of the impurities he despised. But his heart was cold. His life was one of isolation, of privation, and his world black and white. Gustaf was proud, and arrogant, and so self-righteous that he believed his cruel justice to be salvation rather than the reckless judgment it was. Gustaf was blind. His power was as dust on the wind, and his beliefs no less feeble.
\i0 \

\i And he did not understand himself.
\i0 \

\i Oftentimes we delude ourselves with notions of good and evil, but if morality were so simple as to be divided into black and white, there would be no more evil. In that case, evil could be identified and dragged under the light for all the world to detest. Certainly, that world would be ideal, but there is no such division. It is a universal human condition to crave the illusion of absolutes, that we might follow one higher truth and be led to salvation. In our haste for absolution we forget ourselves and abandon our identity. It was this trap into which Gustaf stumbled, and those who wield power will stop at nothing to drag others into the same purgatory.
\i0 \

\i Certainly he believed he was doing good. Society required order that must be enforced, and it was his mandate to be the enforcer. But Gustaf forgot one truth that makes us human. We can be selfish, and there is nothing so wrong with that. In fact, I encourage selfishness. All that we are capable of is to look into our hearts, understand our own will, and that is the singular greatest good that might be done. 
\i0 \

\i For I believe that we desire happiness above all else, and one woman taught me that happiness need not be built upon the subjugation of others. It was then that I ceased to be Crown Prince Gustaf.
\i0 \

\i When I first met her, I was chasing fugitives. 
\i0 \

\i I was young, then, fourteen at the most, and I had not yet constructed Baaj. I was not yet so dogged in my justice, or as cruel. Already arrogant, of course, and out of mistaken belief of my invincibility, I pursued the so-called traitors alone and was injured. Stranded, wounded, believing my time on this earth was at an end, I was rescued by a girl with blue eyes. I did not ask her name. We spent nary a day together, and I fled. I collapsed again. She found me once more.
\i0 \

\i "I'll keep finding you, so wait until you can stand on your own, all right?"
\i0 \

\i Not often did I take orders\'85but something made me heed her words.
\i0 \

\i So I spent my days there, resting, learning, watching as she crafted cranes out of paper. I decried the practice as trivial, but she replied that only by indulging in triviality might we have the time for wisdom. She said it might calm the rage in my heart. So I rested, and I watched the trivial lives of trivial people, and I saw but did not understand why they appeared so happy while I could find no peace. She told me that the heart is the most powerful force in the world, that it could bring me happiness if I allowed it. By the time I left, I still did not understand. I still did not ask her name.
\i0 \

\i And I returned here, greeted by exaltation, and I think I did begin to understand. It frightened me so that I hardened my heart and became the tyrant prince. 
\i0 \

\i I created Baaj. I imprisoned so many there, regardless of innocence. It was my greatest creation, a prison for the reformation of God's children, but also a labyrinth of torture that shall haunt me to the end of my days. It was the place where I discovered my father's madness. Father had placed all his hopes on me, and I had loved and admired him; but I could not stomach what he turned my prison into. Somewhere beneath my delusion, I believed I was protecting the people. When I saw his foray into the darkest of magics, the rejection of humanity, I woke. None of this could be right.
\i0 \

\i I do not know when Father discovered it, but the Mirror is a strange thing. It has no name, no intent. But it holds such a promise of power that even a shard had ensnared Father completely. I sometimes place blame on an insentient artifact, until I realize Father's madness stems from his own greed, his own fear. Father does not wish to die. Father would subjugate everything, rule until the end of the earth and beyond if he could. Father so wished to control the Mirror that he tried everything.
\i0 \

\i Only years later do I realize the irony that Father must have understood the same thing the blue-eyed girl told me. It was the heart that could move the Mirror. It was the heart that would move me.
\i0 \

\i In my despair, I unknowingly returned to that place and found her again. Only a few years had passed, but her wisdom had grown and I had diminished. She welcomed me once more. She offered me a crane. I took it. As time passed, my rage did calm. I began to see the truth, that there is no higher truth other than my own heart. All this time I had only been numbing myself, pretending there was ever anything more to my cruelty than myself. I wanted to fill an emptiness within me I had never recognized. 
\i0 \

\i I returned home again, changed, but I was still favored and my requests granted. Baaj was destroyed. I began to change, I was kinder, I would do good unto others rather than quell their supposed evil, and I would routinely go to Celina. It did not go unnoticed. Father ordered that my visits stop, but I could no longer be his prized son. I asked for Celina's hand in marriage. We returned to the castle, and Father swallowed his rage for I was still irreplaceable. 
\i0 \

\i It was a good three years with Celina. You will see the calligraphy included with this letter, Edmund. I realized Celina did not know all her letters, and so I taught her. She was atrocious.
\i0 \
"Really, though," Edmund murmured, flicking through the paper, and Anna picked one up to inspect the admittedly badly scrawled lettering. "Looks a lot like the time Gustaf made me try."\
"She improved," Anna said, waving one of the last, and Celina had, indeed, managed to write just as beautifully as Gustaf if not more. She had written a name. "Look. Odon."\

\i During those years, my power in the court increased as more and more flocked to my side. I did not truly imagine rebellion. I only wanted change. I wanted Father to see the error of his ways, to give up his mad quest for power, but his fascination with the Mirror could not be swayed. But still, he tolerated me if only because I was his son, the only son who had inherited his magic. It always irked him, though, that I could no longer be used. Perhaps he truly believed that he had loved me and that I had scorned him, for he was never the same. I had broken an already damaged man.
\i0 \

\i And then, suddenly, I could be replaced. 
\i0 \

\i All the house of cards crumbled at once.
\i0 \

\i Father had found someone new. Someone more suited for the Mirror. Perfect for it, even, born for that exact purpose. Fate has ill-treated this child. Completely by chance, they were given this gift and curse. I would have spared her from the pain if I could, but I was also selfish and did not act until one final spur.
\i0 \

\i Because of Odon. Suddenly, there was a malleable grandson to be had, a grandson with the same gift of our lineage. Father would take Odon as my replacement, and I could not allow my son to be as ruined as me. For Odon and the Other, I rebelled. And I was defeated. If I had simply killed Father, perhaps all this madness could have been abated. But I faltered. Father returned the favor and left me to rot, and that, I think, was the greatest cruelty. Celina was exiled to Baaj, killed by something I had created. And Odon\'85
\i0 \

\i Odon stayed.
\i0 \

\i Odon has always been here under another name.
\i0 \
Anna looked up. "But you said that\'97"\
"Both Celina and Odon were sent to Baaj; I thought that was what happened! What is this\'85?" Edmund's head whipped up towards the painting of Celina. With one pull he tore away his bandages, revealing a bloody eye strained by dark red veins, widened with the horror of dawning realization when, for the first time, he saw their shared features. "Gustaf told me\'85Gustaf said\'85!"\

\i I watched Odon grow up not knowing that I was his father, that the man he did call Father had stolen him from me and killed his mother. I watched, and I said nothing. I could not. I had no place ruining the small measure of security that Odon had been given; I could not uproot his life. But perhaps I was also a coward who could not bear the responsibility. I, who had already failed once, could not bear to fail a second time. So I remained silent. I watched. And I failed all the same, all the worse. 
\i0 \

\i I am sure that you have guessed by now.
\i0 \

\i At long last, I have done my duty to you. I tell you my story\'85as any father should\'85for their son. 
\i0 \

\i I can only hope that I am not too late. I tell you so that you might learn from me, as I once learned from your mother. Your name was Odon, but you are now Edmund and there is nothing so wrong with that. Now you know everything, but you are your own person. You can be whatever you choose to be. It was too late for me. It need not be for you. 
\i0 \

\i Choose well, Edmund.
\i0 \

\i Goodbye\'85
\i0 \

\i Odon.
\i0 \
Anna jerked back when Edmund crumpled the letter. Veins pulsed in his neck as he clutched the letter in his hand, until he finally released a bloodcurdling roar and tore it to shreds, standing up so suddenly that he scattered the calligraphy paper, kicking the chest aside and screaming unintelligible words. Anna instinctively closed her eyes and flinched back, but Edmund ignored her. Instead, he rampaged around the room, destroying everything in sight, and Anna watched in trepidation as he neared the portrait of Celina. No, Anna thought. It was the portrait of his mother.\

\i "It's all \'97 just \'97 lies!
\i0 " Edmund slammed his hands onto the altar, staring into the face that was a reflection of his own, and Anna wondered if he could see the resemblance now. It only seemed to infuriate him. Snarling with primordial anger, Edmund ripped the portrait down and threw it with all his might, so powerfully that he himself stumbled and fell to the floor as the portrait hit the wall.\
Its clattering was the only thing to break the silence.\
And Edmund's anger finally calmed. On the floor, he took in raspy, unsteady breaths, some shallow and others deep, before curling into himself and hiding his head in his hands.\
Anna approached carefully and knelt next to Edmund. When she reached out, he flinched away. Anna pulled away, murmuring, "I'm so sorry."\
"\'85I should have known. God, I should have known."\
"You couldn't have known," Anna said.\
"It was obvious. Even you saw the resemblance."\
"A resemblance doesn't mean anything. No one would think anything of that."\
"You don't understand!" Edmund raised his head and babbled, "I should have seen. It's my fault! Don't you see? Gustaf didn't need to die. All along, I should have known, I could have had more than this\'97!"\
"You can still hate what he's done." Anna gently placed her hand on Edmund's shoulder and he looked to her, despondent eyes practically pleading for an answer. "You can hate that he didn't tell you. It's just like he said. You can choose. You can love him and still hate what he did, Edmund."\
Edmund laughed and sobbed all at once. "If only I could do that, I think I would. I really think I would, Anna. I would love him. If he had told me, I would have\'97!"\
Anna pulled him into an embrace and Edmund cried at last.\
They were tears of anger and anguish both.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Phew, philosophy. Absurdism is great, but more on that when Tempest is finished and I can give a proper discourse. Anyway, Elsanna coming up!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 32: Gilded Cage
\b0 \
Darkness.\
"You left me behind with so many questions, so many riddles. I know you have the answers, Gustaf. So why don't you just tell me who I am?"\
Edmund sat alone in the windowless room that once belonged to Gustaf, and in the dead of night, the only light that shined was a flickering candle held loosely in his grasp. An orange glow waxed and waned along the wall, constantly mired in battle with the shadows, gaining ground then forced to yield ground again. It was a losing battle, but watching the undulation of fire was comforting. At the very least, it occupied his attention. For a short while, at least, but that was enough.\
"Why did you wait until after you died to tell me all this? What use is this now?"\
Strange that he felt wetness on his face and tasted salt on his lips. Crying was so foreign, so surreal. Still, he didn't bother wiping away the tears and simply let them fall. It was a relief to cry. Tears were caught by the letter in his hand, and the ink smudged into incomprehensible blurs. It was fine. Already its contents were burned into his mind, and even the handwriting engraved in his memory.\
"Let me tell you. It's no use at all, Gustaf. You've left me with regrets and impossible dreams."\
Edmund lifted the letter and raised it to the flame, watching as the edge ignited and curled, as the paper glowed red-hot and the blackened edge crept upward. Watching the letter burn was comforting, too. Erasure was not so terrible after all. It burned away to a pile of ashes on the floor, and Edmund scooped them up into his hand.\
"Goodbye, Father."\
One gentle breath and the ashes scattered, but they hung in the air, suspended, for longer than Edmund was willing to wait. Pressing his finger into the flame, he filled the room with silent darkness and sat once more, waiting for his eyes to readjust to the empty space.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Day had long since turned to night by the time Anna returned to her room. She felt exhausted, her body weary and her mind even more so. It made the walk back torturously long, the staircase dauntingly tall, and where once she could have bounded up skipping steps as she went, she instead trudged her way back with a burdened, wizened walk. Anna didn't feel cold anymore, not with the reliquary embedded in her heart, but she shivered anyway as she walked alone through the halls. Not a soul to be seen. What was once familiar now felt horribly foreign. It was even worse than when she first arrived, now that she understood the depravity of this royal family that would not spare even its own.\
Anna missed home.\
She missed the simplicity of life in Arendelle. Here, she was surrounded by intrigue and death, without even a moment to rest. She missed the sight of blue skies and white clouds. Here, she looked up to a blank canvas bereft of color. She missed the warmth of the sun. Here, she was inundated with the cold, and only the cold. Arendelle was like a dream from the distant past. Or, maybe, the Southern Isles was a nightmare within which she found herself trapped.\
Even the familiarity of her shared quarters with Elsa did nothing to soothe her doubts. It was exhausting. Without exception, all of this was exhausting.\
Anna swung the door open.\
Elsa was waiting for her. As soon as Anna opened the door, Elsa stood from her seat at the desk and edged forward, looking painfully unsure.\
"It's late," Elsa murmured. "Where were you?"\
"With Edmund," Anna said. It was explanation enough. Both of them knew the toll that recent events had placed on the prince, and everything she had learned today, Anna would not tell Elsa. Edmund had requested her silence, and she agreed. It was his own private matter.\
But even if Edmund hadn't wanted her to, Anna would have stayed silent. It would just exacerbate the growing tension between her and Elsa. She didn't have the strength for another debate about Markus.\
"Of course." Elsa shifted while Anna hung up her cloak. When she finished, Elsa gestured towards a covered tray on the desk. "You didn't show up for supper, so I had this saved for you."\
"Thanks." Anna uncovered the tray to reveal a full meal with all of her favorites: kj\'f8ttkaker, krumkake, completed by a plate of chocolates. It usually cheered her to see the familiar Arendellian foods. It only brought another pang of homesickness now, like a physical blow that knocked the air from her chest.\
"Is something wrong?" Anna hadn't realized she was staring at the food. She broke out of her trance only when Elsa tentatively laid her hand on her shoulder.\
"N-Nothing! I just\'85I just\'85" Anna sat down and took up the utensils, slicing into the beef with stiff, mechanical motions. She couldn't even lift it to her mouth. She sat there with her head down, appetite failing her now that her weariness caught up. "Sorry, I'm overthinking. It's nothing. You should get some sleep, I know you have to be tired and you still waited up for me and I don't even\'97"\
"Anna, I don't need to sleep."\
She heard the sound of shifting cloth and the creak of wood, and then a long finger under her chin tilted her head up. Anna blinked at the odd sight of Elsa sitting atop her table, half-bent over and looking so uncharacteristically informal with her hair down that she had a hard time processing. Elsa looked less like the regal queen she was and more like the younger incarnation Anna had seen in her memories. More than once, Anna had witnessed the strange dichotomy, and she wondered. Was Elsa just comfortable enough around her to be like this, or did she put on this appearance solely for her sake?\
"We talked about this," Anna said, shoving the intrusive thought aside. She slid back in her chair so her chin pulled away from Elsa. "You don't 
\i need 
\i0 to, but you still get tired so you can still recharge."\
"I won't sleep while something is bothering you," Elsa said.\
"It's nothing\'97"\
"Anything that bothers you is not nothing. We talked about this as well," Elsa murmured. "You can tell me anything. When did we start holding back our thoughts from one another?"\
"I-I don't know," Anna said. She shook her head. "I'm sorry\'97"\
"I don't want you to be sorry." Elsa hopped off the table and extended her hand; Anna took it, slightly bewildered, and was led to sit on the bed. Elsa sat down across from her, still holding her hand. "I want you to tell me what's wrong, so that we can fix all this."\
Anna sighed. "I'm just tired. I don't know how you manage after all this craziness. Aren't you tired too?"\
"I can manage. I have you." Elsa brushed her hair back and managed a weak smile, but Anna could see she was just as tired. "But there's more, isn't there?"\
"Everything here has been..." Anna closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "I'm not cut out for this. So much has happened. So many people have died. And what happened to Hans, and Edmund...I keep thinking all this was because of me. It only started after I came here."\
"It's not your fault. If anything, the Sorcerer must have held a grudge against me." Elsa sighed. "But I don't pretend to understand Gustaf; I'm still trying to make sense of all this. It doesn't seem 
\i to 
\i0 make sense. I'm still tense, even more than when we were actually trying to capture the Sorcerer. I still can't believe that we did. Or that he was Gustaf. I always feel\'85uneasy\'85as if my vision were blinded."\
"Is everything\'85all right?"\
"They will be. Some time may help. Time\'85" Elsa forced another smile, but it fell as quickly as it came. Anna noticed now, the deep-set exhaustion in her eyes, the old calm stretched taut like frayed wire about to snap. "But what about you, Anna?"\
"\'85I miss Arendelle," Anna said.\
"Yes, I thought you might." Elsa paused. And then she blurted, "If there's anything I can do, I will. If the food isn't enough, I can find something else. Music. Art. Or I could find some other keepsake\'97"\
None of that was Arendelle. It wasn't anything 
\i from 
\i0 home that she missed. It was the 
\i concept 
\i0 of home, of safety, familiarity. On impulse, Anna asked, "Could I maybe\'85visit home? Just for a short while?"\
Immediately, Elsa stiffened. She could try to mask the reflex all she wanted, but Anna saw the sharp intake of breath, the recoil, and she felt the slightly tightening grip around her hands. Strangest of all, though, was the widening of her eyes. With fear, Anna realized, though she did not understand why. It was maybe the most foreign emotion she had ever seen from Elsa.\
"I see. Perhaps later, I can arrange for that," Elsa said simply.\
Anna could recognize a dismissal when she heard one. Elsa didn't want to talk anymore, and that would have been the end of the conversation, except \'97 Elsa had taken the first step. Now she was withdrawing into herself again, but Anna realized how much courage it must have taken, courage that she herself had lately been reluctant to demonstrate. Enough was enough. She had to at least try to make things better, just as Elsa was trying now. It wasn't fair that she left everything on her shoulders.\
"Hey, "Anna said, and Elsa tilted her head. "Let's talk about something else."\
"\'85Of course."\
They had yet to fulfill their promise to talk, truly talk, like they said they would just before confronting the Sorcerer. It 
\i had 
\i0 been on Anna's mind, but now seemed a good time to distract Elsa from her paranoia as well. "So I think it's about time we discussed\'85lately. And before you say anything, yeah, I 
\i am 
\i0 sorry," Anna said. "After all this craziness, I just missed home and I\'85I haven't been all here for you."\
"I don't blame you. I 
\i can't
\i0  blame you," Elsa corrected, shaking her head. "You say you haven't been there for me, but I wasn't for you either. You and I both know. I used you, Anna. And maybe that's something that can't be forgiven."\
Maybe. Or maybe not. Anna could find it in herself to forgive, and maybe she had already done so, but it wasn't something she would forget soon. From the time Elsa returned from Weselton, for an entire week and more, Anna had been caught in between her and the Sorcerer. Without pause, the two had waged war on her mind. Even without perfect control, Elsa could send thoughts and feelings through the link of her reliquary easily enough, and the constant stream of directives from both mages had at times overwhelmed Anna's own thoughts entirely.\
Elsa had been manipulating her thoughts. She had 
\i wanted 
\i0 her to feel the need to revisit the reliquary.\
All so that the Sorcerer would have a subconscious desire to act on, and fall into her trap.\
"It wasn't fun," Anna said. She exhaled and squared her shoulders, trying to draw strength that she didn't have. "But I get why you did what you did. It had to be me."\
Elsa bowed her head. "It was cruel of me. But I\'85I hoped that you would understand. You always have. And you did, or else this plan wouldn't have succeeded."\
Somewhere buried deep below her conscious mind, Anna 
\i had
\i0  understood what Elsa was trying to accomplish. Not clearly. It was only a vague thought in the back of her head, an intuitive feeling brought about by the shard in her heart. But Anna's minimal comprehension was still enough to break the Sorcerer's hold once the reliquary brought it to the surface, and now that the ordeal was over, Anna could see the need for Elsa's callous strategy.\
At least, she held onto that thought for comfort.\
It didn't sting any less, but the wound would heal, and she could forgive with time.\
"Just\'85never do it again," Anna said, and Elsa nodded. "From now on, I need you to always be honest with me. There's one more thing I want to ask you."\
Maybe her somber tone had alarmed Elsa. She straightened, sitting with her back rigid and head held high. It seemed almost like a reflex. "All right," Elsa said.\
"I want to know how much was real," Anna said. "I mean, out of everything you said and did that week. How much was for the Sorcerer's sake? How much was an act?"\
It was a simple enough question. Or so Anna had thought. Instead of replying immediately, Elsa pressed her lips together and seemed to consider for a moment. "Can you\'85not tell?"\
"I want to hear it from you."\
"I said and did lots of things that week. What part do you mean?" Elsa asked. She closed her eyes, and shook her head with a dry laugh. "Because I meant it when I told you I missed you, I meant it when I told you I didn't want to lose you. Please don't doubt that."\
Anna widened her eyes. "That's not \'97 I didn't mean that. Sorry, I-I know you meant that. It was just, I'm just saying\'85about the rest\'85"\
"It's not important." Elsa wrapped her arms around herself, shoulders just barely hunched. "All the rest doesn't matter anymore."\
"You said you would answer my question," Anna insisted. Elsa was beginning to sound\'85different. She sounded cold, like the arctic chill of her powers had somehow infused itself into her voice. "It's about\'97"\
"I already answered."\
Anna frowned. "But that's not what I meant. What about when you said that you don't care about the people? Just, everything you said to make me think that you were becoming like the Sor\'97"\
"It was all an act," Elsa said. "Just an act, I promise."\
Elsa had answered her too quickly. She had stiffened immediately at the question, and when they looked at each other, some strange emotion had flickered in her eyes before she looked away again.\
"Are you\'85sure?" Anna asked, against her better instinct telling her to stop. She couldn't leave this issue beneath the surface again. Not when she had the budding suspicion that Elsa was\'85\
"Yes, Anna. Just an act." Elsa pulled her hands away and folded them in her lap, trying to appear unaffected, but her movements were jerky, and her fingernails dug into the fabric of her dress. When she spoke again, her tone harshened. Bitter. Sharp. Dismissive. "I wouldn't say so otherwise."\
\'85lying. Elsa was lying. It didn't take the angry pulse from the reliquary to tell her that.\
"All right. I'm going to ask one more time." Anna exhaled a slow breath. Elsa had deliberately changed the subject before, and then lied, but she would give her one more chance. Just once more. She had to have a reason. "Please tell me the\'97"\
"Why do you keep asking? Do you want me to say something else?" Elsa clenched her jaw and looked out to the rest of the room, gaze focusing on the door. "It's true, Anna. And that's the last I'll speak of it."\
It was always like this.\
"So if that's true\'85" Anna paused for a moment to breathe, feeling betrayal kindle at the base of her stomach. "Why won't you look me in the eyes when you answer? I am 
\i sick
\i0  of always guessing\'97!"\
Elsa flung out her hand and seized the bedpost, and immediately ice exploded across the column in jagged points. Staring at her from under the shadow of loosened hair, Elsa no longer appeared more relaxed, but all the wilder when her eyes shined bright blue. It was an inhuman glow. Frenzied and feverish, like a cornered animal, wounded but all the more dangerous for its desperation. Elsa even pulled her lips back into a snarl, fingers of her free hand curled into claws around her chest.\
"I'm looking you in the eyes now," Elsa said, practically shaking. "And I'm telling you that it was all just an act. Are you happy?"\
"No," Anna said. If Elsa was going to lose her temper for no reason, she could be angry too. "Just a minute ago you agreed to be honest with me, and now you're lying! What are you so afraid of\'97!"\
"
\i What does it matter what I think of other people?
\i0 " Elsa clenched the bedpost and a shockwave erupted outward, strong enough to reach both sides of the room. Ice sliced clean through the left wall. Everything on her table was scattered and the right-side windows burst, allowing an icy gale to sweep in.\
She had never heard Elsa scream before. Elsa had always been too restrained to have such an outburst, and Anna had become used to deciphering her tiniest motions to figure out her thoughts. Hearing her scream, seeing her doubled over and heaving shaky breaths, Anna was completely lost. She froze. And then she realized \'97 
\i Elsa was crying
\i0 . She made no sound but the teardrops were wetting her dress, even the bed. Elsa released the bedpost and pulled her hair back, clutching her head in her hands, and when one tiny, barely audible sob escaped her lips, Anna finally realized she was doing nothing.\
Anna pulled Elsa into her arms and held on as tight as she could.\
Elsa hugged her back as though she were a lifeline.\
"What's wrong?" Anna asked. She was terrified. She had never been more terrified as seeing Elsa break down like this, not even when she had come face to face with the Sorcerer while surrounded by blood and death. Anna was close to crying herself, and all she could do was rub circles into Elsa's back as she hated how helpless she was. "Please, Elsa. Please, tell me what's wrong. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry\'97"\
"I-I don't want \'97 I don't want \'97 I don't want to be like him." Elsa held on tighter, and Anna could feel her trembling, as violently as if she had no control over her body. Anna wasn't so sure that wasn't the case.\
"You don't want to be like\'97"\
"Gustaf warned me," Elsa blurted. "Gustaf told me this would happen. I don't eat, I don't breathe, I don't sleep. I'm not \'97 I'm not even alive anymore, I can't \'97 I can't feel anything. I can feel myself slipping away! I don't want to be like the Sorcerer, Anna, I don't want to forget, I don't want to be no one\'97!"\
"It won't happen," Anna said. "I won't let that happen."\
It felt like the wrong thing to say once it left her mouth, and Anna didn't understand why. But Elsa needed her now. Elsa was holding on even tighter than before, so Anna let go of her fear. When Elsa buried into her shoulder, Anna brushed through her hair and pressed her lips to the top of her head.\
"Everything's going to be fine," Anna murmured. "I'm sorry I pushed, I just don't know what to think. Please just tell me what's wrong."\
"It's true. I don't care about the rest of them. I don't even care about myself. Not anymore." Elsa took in a deep, rattling breath and exhaled out, once, and then again. "I feel nothing for the world, I don't understand people, and I don't want to. I don't care. But the rest of the week, the other things, 
\i you
\i0 \'97! Please. Please don't doubt that. What I feel for you. Everything I've said to you \'97 I mean all of it."\
Oh.\
"You ground me," Elsa said. She pulled away, though she kept a tight grip on Anna's shoulders to steady herself. Even her eyes were dilated, and widened so far the whites were visible all around the iris. "I'm empty inside, except for you. I know you care, so I wanted to \'97 I wanted to be like you. I didn't want to disappoint you. So I\'85lied. Do you\'85see\'85why, now?"\
"That's not\'85" Anna swallowed. "You don't have to do or say anything because that's what I want."\
"Now 
\i you're 
\i0 lying. Everyone wants something. Except me." Elsa swung off the side of the bed, pacing the room with spastic movements. "Except now\'85I found you. I don't \'97 I don't know anymore. I'm sorry. I'm not making any sense. I can't make any sense of all this myself, and I just\'85I don't know."\
Elsa stilled and sunk to the floor, sitting at the exact center of the snowflake pattern embossed in the carpet. Anna approached carefully, but Elsa didn't even seem to notice anything anymore. She had her face hidden behind drawn-in knees. Even when Anna sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulder, Elsa didn't react.\
"I didn't realize how much pressure I was putting on you," Anna said.\
Elsa laughed. "So how much of what you said did 
\i you 
\i0 mean, when you called me heartless?"\
"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."\
"How can you be sorry when that was my fault? I was 
\i trying 
\i0 to push you away. I should have been happy to hear that. But secretly, I hoped\'85I hoped I would fail," Elsa said. She raised her head. Her eyes had calmed, the feverish light had dimmed, and even her tears had dried, but her flawless composure was no comfort. "It was only the truth. I 
\i am 
\i0 heartless."\
No; Anna would not, could not accept this. She could not let Elsa shut down, could not let her go down the same route as the Sorcerer.\
"Elsa, I'm not always right. I'm probably wrong half the time, I screw up more often than I do things right," Anna said. "It can be my fault too. You don't have to blame yourself for everything."\
"You still don't understand. I'm not like you. I'm\'85flawed," Elsa breathed. "And I'm trying so hard to learn from you, but once I think I've started to, I realize \'97 I haven't changed. I'm still heartless."\
"Then I can be your heart."\
"\'85What?" Elsa turned with reluctant hope on her face, and she looked so broken. Beautiful, but broken, like shattered pieces of porcelain held together by will and prayer. It was all beginning to crumble.\
"I can be your heart," Anna said again. Once more, the crawling feeling of apprehension returned. Saying that felt as wrong as it did right, and her blood seemed to turn to ice in her veins, her stomach plummeted as though she had leapt into an abyss, even as her heart soared with song. She'd never felt anything so strongly. She'd never been so righteous and driven and sick all at once. Maybe it was too much responsibility, but Elsa was hopeful again, and Anna had never wanted anything more.\
"Anna\'85"\
"I'm serious. You don't have to be alone, I can be here for you. We can face this together," Anna pleaded. "Just please, you have to let me help."\
"\'85What about Arendelle?" Elsa smiled sadly.\
It almost seemed unrelated, except for one thing.\
"You don't want me to go," Anna realized. "You're afraid of something."\
"Because this castle of ice is just a glorified gilded cage. I'm afraid that once you taste freedom again, you won't come back," Elsa said. "I know I said once that I would let you leave if you wished, but \'97 I'm only afraid of one thing in the world, Anna. I'm afraid that you'll leave me."\
"I-It's not like that. I miss home, but\'97"\
"I'm your cage."\
Anna quieted. Elsa's face hardened, her lips tightened, her hands clenched in the agony of her doubts. But then her eyes softened. It was always her eyes that spoke the loudest.\
"You're not my cage. If you're hurt, then I'll support you. If you're in pain, then I'll bear your pain! I 
\i want 
\i0 to be here with you. It's my choice," Anna said. "And you can't make it for me."\
"And how will you bear the pain?" Elsa asked. "Can you tell me that you've always been happy here?"\
"No," Anna answered, and Elsa smiled. But Anna wasn't done. She rose to her feet and dragged Elsa up with all her strength, stumbling backwards until Elsa steadied them both. "It's not always going to be happy. I can accept that. It 
\i shouldn't 
\i0 always be perfect. I don't 
\i want 
\i0 it to always be perfect, I want to be here, with you, for the good and the bad!"\
"Anna\'85"\
"Don't say anything." Anna smiled. "We can go to Arendelle together, just the two of us. So I can show you that part of myself."\
"Why would you want me to go with you?"\
"You shouldn't have to ask," Anna said. "I'll always want you to be with me."\
"But\'85why?" Elsa asked. She drew away and straightened, and now she was herself. She was composed, but not unnaturally. She wasn't forcefully blocking everything out. No, Elsa was letting herself 
\i be 
\i0 herself, even though that someone was a confused, lost soul. And that was a step. Anna couldn't be more proud. "Anna, I don't understand. Why would you go this far for\'85me?"\
"Because I love you."\
Anna leaned forward and kissed Elsa.\
And this time felt right.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 33: Onward to the Northern Kingdom 
\b0 \
Anna left bright and early in the morning, better rested and more cheered than she had been since an eternity ago. Things were finally looking up. The Sorcerer had been defeated, and her relationship with Elsa mended. She was even going home to Arendelle, something she hadn't dared to let herself 
\i dream
\i0  about since arriving at the Southern Isles. But back then Anna would never have believed that, one day, she would be exhilarated at the thought of Elsa coming with her too. Anna couldn't stop smiling at the thought of seeing the home she had longed for with the person she loved most.\
Before she left, though\'85\
"Why do you have flowers everywhere?" Anna asked.\
Alek scowled and looked away. "It's a hobby. Everyone has a hobby, all right? It's not that weird. I just happen to be good with plants, and\'97"\
"Call them plants all you like, but these are flowers," Hans said.\
"Don't make me tip you over." Alek rattled his wheelchair, but when Hans looked down with a smile he whirled around to Kristoff instead. "Back me up. It's not that weird, right?"\
"Look, I talk for a reindeer and sing duets with myself, and I still think this is pretty weird," Kristoff said, shrugging when Alek fumed.\
Anna stifled a laugh when the three resumed their banter. Contrary to her expectations, she had made good friends in the Southern Isles. She had come here expecting to be a prisoner locked away in some dank dungeon, and instead she had fallen in love with Elsa and met this eccentric group. It felt fitting to have a group meeting before leaving, especially when everything had been so morbid lately.\
Which was why they were camped out in Alek's room.\
And scratching their heads about the odd decor.\
Anna had done a double-take when she saw that the gruff prince had filled his room with flowers. She had expected swords, and there was indeed a whetstone and several blades hanging on the walls; but along with his weapons was the boggling sight of tall lilacs growing in all four corners. She had no idea how they even survived with the minimal sunlight, but Alek went as far as to keep a miniature flower garden beneath the floor of his room, visible through a glass pane. All the varieties were quite honestly impressive: white and red roses, lilies and honey suckles, and daisies and carnations.\
"I think they're pretty," Anna offered. Alek narrowed his eyes in suspicion, and rightfully so, because Anna cracked a wide grin. "Pretty weird."\
"Oliver laid railroad tracks in his room and rides a cart to his bed, and no one finds that out of the ordinary," Alek raged. "Have you seen it? How can anyone be 
\i that 
\i0 lazy?"\
"Maybe I should requisition that in my room too, being somewhat inconvenienced and all," Hans deadpanned.\
Alek looked ready to explode, so Anna stepped in to break up the fight just waiting to happen. "All right, we were just kidding. It's really not that weird, but the way you react\'85"\
"Just be totally open about it," Kristoff suggested. "We all have that one weird thing. See, I'm the Reindeer Guy, Prince Hans is the Wheelchair Guy, no offense\'97"\
"None taken."\
"\'97and you can be the\'97"\
"Swords Guy."\
"\'97Flower Guy," Kristoff finished, leaning against the wall with a self-satisfied air. Anna supposed it was lucky she was around, since if the way he kept looking towards his swords was any indication, Alek was debating the merits of actually murdering Kristoff. But then again, this unlikely group wouldn't all be in the same vicinity if not for her. Funny how things worked.\
"So you wanted to see us," Hans said, thankfully diverting the conversation to safer subjects. Anna always knew he was reliable.\
"I just thought it would be nice to have a normal-ish conversation before I left for Arendelle," Anna said. She winced. "Not that this is the slightest bit normal, but at least not, you know, dark."\
Alek frowned. "You're leaving?"\
"Well, I'm coming back! Just visiting home for a bit." Anna grinned, but faltered when she realized she had yet to share the bad news. "Oh, and I should probably apologize in advance because I'm taking Elsa with me and she sort of, maybe\'85decided to leave Saul in charge again."\
"And we all know that turned out splendidly last time," Hans said.\
"Well, he seems all right now," Alek muttered, and Anna had to agree that he was nothing but helpful lately. For a while, she had suspected him of deliberately impeding their search for the Sorcerer, but now that everything was over and there was no evidence, she was willing to put it aside. At any rate, she didn't have much of a choice in the matter.\
"I'm surprised Queen Elsa was fine with this," Kristoff said.\
"\'85It took some convincing."\
Kristoff turned red, opening and closing his mouth without uttering a sound. Hans raised his eyebrows, but Anna only realized how her words might be interpreted when Alek once again inflated. "So there 
\i is 
\i0 some wicked exchange going on here\'97!"\
"No! Just give that a rest," Anna huffed. "Can't we talk about something normal people talk about for once? How about the weather lately?"\
"I predict a chance of snow," Hans said.\
"It's funny how I didn't like you before and I don't like you now, but for entirely different reasons," Alek said, and Hans made a sound suspiciously like a snort. "So, Anna. Any idea when you'll be coming back?"\
"I'm not sure, but I don't think Elsa will want to be away too long."\
"Well, I'm glad you'll be back soon." Kristoff uncrossed his arms as he pushed off the wall. "Something has to be up with Edmund, I couldn't find him anywhere. I'm guessing you didn't have any luck either."\
"\'85Oh. Yeah, Edmund couldn't make it." If Anna regretted one thing before leaving, that was being unable to find Edmund. Not for lack of trying. Nobody knew where Edmund had gone to, and Anna had even braved asking Fabian, to no avail. If Edmund didn't want to be found, Anna was sure that he knew the nooks and crannies of the castle better than she ever would. After leaving a note at his room, she decided to give him space for now.\
"I'm sure this has been hard on him," Alek said.\
Anna smiled wryly. "You have no idea."\
"Although, I have to admit\'85" Hans looked down at his feet, gaze darkening. "Well, I would be lying if I said I wasn't just a little resentful for his silence. It would have spared us a lot of grief."\
"Yeah," Anna muttered. Hans was taking his debilitation well now, but she was sure that he missed his old strength. Anyone would. "How are you adjusting?"\
"It's not terrible." Hans wheeled forward as if to demonstrate his point, and then back again, nearly crushing Alek's foot in the process. Ignoring the rampant swears launched his way, he continued, "And what matters is that my mind and will are intact. Ironic, but I guess I should thank Elsa for her words. And Kristoff, I owe you thanks as well for taking care of Sitron in my stead."\
"Part of the job, and Sitron is great," Kristoff said, scratching the back of his neck and shrugging. "But I think he misses you. Animals can tell you a lot about people, and the way Sitron loves you\'85well, you must have been good to him."\
"Sitron was gifted to me by my mother." Hans smiled, and there was something peaceful in his expression that had always been lacking until now. Less rigid, Anna thought, more relaxed, and the difference looked good on him. "Yes, I'll visit soon. Hopefully Alek will be willing to accompany me, but I could always just ask Oliver to build tracks."\
"Whatever."\
Anna smiled. She had missed this easy camaraderie. It was fulfilling to see the unlikely trio together, and even better to be part of this tight-knit group where all of them stood on equal footing. Perhaps not in status \'97 Kristoff was forced labor, Anna herself technically a prisoner of war, and Hans physically crippled \'97 but emotionally, mentally, they were all equals. For all their problems, they were secure in themselves. Maybe, Anna realized, that was why it was so easy with them. Maybe\'85\
"Hey, Anna," Kristoff said.\
"Oh! Sorry, I was just thinking weird thoughts." Anna blinked. She had completely lost her train of thought. No matter how hard she concentrated, the half-formed realization escaped her.\
"Your face is all scrunched up. Reminds me of a sneezing horse," Alek said. While Anna grappled for a retort, he raised an eyebrow. "Shouldn't you be going soon?"\
"Oh, shoot. Elsa is probably waiting for me." Anna grinned, rocking on her feet back and forth, struck by giddy anticipation. "And home is waiting for me too! I'll see you all when I get back!"\
"Don't forget souvenirs," Kristoff said.\
"Sandwiches," Hans added.\
Anna strode out of the room with a jaunty smile and a laugh, already dreaming of home.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 When Anna entered the Great Hall, Elsa was already waiting. She stood rigid and with her fingers interlaced, but once she caught sight of Anna, Elsa relaxed. Anna sprinted forward with gusto when Elsa extended her hand, nearly crashing into the queen before just managing to stop a finger's breadth away. Elsa looked vaguely relieved that Anna wasn't hurdling towards her at maximum velocity anymore, but after coming to a stop, Anna decided to just go for the surprise hug. She grabbed Elsa without warning, squeezing her midsection with all her strength.\
"I'm so glad we're doing this!" Anna squealed.\
Elsa freed one arm and patted Anna on the back. Anna looked up with a grin, but Elsa seemed to be struggling for words. Finally, after a few seconds of looking down with frantically widened eyes, Elsa opened her mouth and choked out a strangled wheeze.\
"Whoops, too enthusiastic," Anna laughed, letting go of her captive queen.\
"I was 
\i going
\i0  to say that I was glad too," Elsa said, voice flat, but her lips pulled up into a small smile when Anna kept up an unfaltering grin. "Well, I still am. Are you ready to head out?"\
"Way too ready!"\
Elsa led them out to the courtyard, and Anna remembered being dropped off here by Kristoff long ago. It would have been nice to get a ride to the docks, actually. Anna looked to Elsa. "Uhh, I sort of forgot. How are we getting there, exactly?"\
"We'll be taking my ship." Elsa gave her an odd look. "Arendelle 
\i is 
\i0 across the seas."\
"Well, yeah, but how are we getting to the docks?" Anna blinked. She couldn't imagine Elsa actually walking much. It just seemed mundane. And Anna was far from lazy, but she couldn't imagine even herself walking that much. Not that the cold bothered either of them, but it was 
\i really 
\i0 far.\
"You might want to hold on tight."\
"Okayyy," Anna said, holding on to Elsa's waist as directed but bemused by the directive. "I still don't see how we're getting there\'97!"\
Elsa shifted her foot. Anna swallowed her sentence and switched to a scream when she found herself propelled along the snow, and she had no idea 
\i how 
\i0 until she looked down. Where once lay a calm plain now rose a surging mass of snow beneath their feet, rippling like an ocean wave to carry them forward. Snow rose and fell in a continuous oscillation, pushing their elevated pedestal along, and it moved 
\i fast
\i0  too. At twice the speed of a galloping horse, the wind whipped past and threw Anna's pigtails back. Elsa was laughing now, but Anna clutched at her waist and pressed up flush against her body for protection. All she could do was hang on for dear life when the snow surged upwards at a sixty-five degree angle, forming a five meter tall ramp to scale the courtyard's fountain.\
"You're a crazy driver!" Anna screamed. She spat out a mouthful of hair and dared to look behind for a second. Oh, God, they were so high up. Anna buried her head into Elsa's back again.\
"It's safe, I promise. Just enjoy the ride," Elsa said.\
Elsa had a strange definition of safe.\
Anna had the sudden sensation of weightlessness, and she 
\i knew 
\i0 something was wrong when she felt the entire world spin. Against her better judgment she opened her eyes...and shrieked, crying bloody murder while Elsa laughed. Now they were sailing through the sky, freefalling without restraint, having been launched off the snow entirely once the ramp peaked over the fountain. Elsa laughed again and caught them on another rising wave of snow, landing on her feet and sliding without missing a beat while they spiked downwards back toward the ground. Anna took deep breaths trying to calm her beating heart when they sped forward and burst through the front gates.\
"Really, Anna. I thought you'd like this," Elsa said, turning backwards and letting the snow move of its own accord though town. It nearly crashed into one of the houses before taking a sharp turn into the narrower corridors, snaking through the paths with expert precision. "Here, you might feel better if you balanced yourself."\
Anna held on tighter. "Don't you dare!"\
"Trust me." Elsa pried her hands away and pulled Anna up into a precarious half-crouching, half-standing position, and all the while, the wave of snow under them continued to undulate.\
"Okay, I can do this," Anna muttered. Not that she had much choice. She wobbled once or twice, but Elsa steadied her until she could stand. "Wait! Don't let go yet!"\
"It's easier if you use your arms to balance," Elsa said. She was enjoying this way too much. Anna could see the gleam of mischief in her eyes. "Just do what I do. I'll catch you if you fall."\
Elsa let go and the snow separated into two separate waves, each of them standing on their own ride. Anna hurriedly followed Elsa's example and spread her legs out a little more, bending her knees, outstretching her arms. Huh. It really wasn't too bad when she could control herself a little bit more. It was pretty fun, actually, feeling the wind blow past her ears with a dull roar. More than fun. Anna let out a loud whoop when the snow surged up and down again. It was 
\i freedom
\i0 , flying without restraint.\
"I see why you like this so much," Anna said, grinning at Elsa beside her.\
"And you picked it up quickly." Elsa crouched low and directed her snow into a quick corkscrew off a spiral of ice, smiling just as wide as Anna.\
"Did you come up with this?"\
"No, I copied this from some of the natives at the old colonies. Except they do this on boards in the water. Surfing," Elsa explained. "I can go faster, but you might not\'97"\
"I like fast!" Anna yelled.\
It was exhilarating.\
Not that they could really race, since Elsa was in control of both waves, but she made the illusion of it all the same. And what an illusion it was. Anna let out a victorious shout when she pulled ahead, sliding off a ramp over an obtrusive rock and landing on rolling snow once again. All of this was amazing: the exultation of speed, the rush of competition, and best of all, the sight of Elsa beside her, enjoying the moment every bit as much.\
Soon, the docks were in sight. Elsa threw out her hands and two twisted curves of ice rose from the ground, curled inward like a frozen wave. They hit the slides at the same time and sheer speed thrust them forward. Nearly horizontal on the ice, Anna met Elsa's eyes across the plains between them. Not too long now, they would converge.\
Elsa smiled.\
Anna flew off the ramp, sure that she would reach the docks. She was so close! She looked to her side and then back, trying to find Elsa, but she was nowhere in sight. Where was she? Oh, there she was, riding the snow way down below for some reason. And now Elsa was grinning, reaching out towards her \'97 Anna widened her eyes when she found herself pulled down, the snow beneath her feet suddenly subject to gravity once more.\
"No fair!" Anna yelled.\
"Anything goes," Elsa said.\
Elsa zoomed under Anna and caught her bridal-style. Together, they rushed forward past the last few paces, going so fast that they ended up tumbling off and into the snow. Soft landing; Anna felt like she was on a giant pillow when they rolled across to the dock. Anna giggled and stretched out on her back with eyes closed. Well, that was an experience. And it was so comfortable on this giant bed of snow\'85\
"Don't fall asleep now."\
Anna opened her eyes and her breath hitched. She stared up at Elsa leaning down with hands planted on either side of her, lips forming a gentle smile, eyes clouded over with adrenaline and\'85something a little more intense. Anna's gaze went straight to her lips, heart leaping into her throat when Elsa poked out her tongue and swiped across, her own lips parting without thought. And they simply lay there together, synchronized breaths deepening, staring at each other.\
Elsa bent down at the exact moment Anna reached up to pull her into a kiss, their lips meeting more roughly than they had ever kissed before. Anna loved how Elsa moved. Her body was bent like the curve of a bow pulled taut, the potential for violence coiled in the sinew of muscle, and somehow that only made it more exciting. Maybe it was the adrenaline still running through her veins. Anna dug her fingers into Elsa's hips and dragged her as close as possible, moaning into their kiss.\
And Elsa made it even better, so pleasurable that it was painful. She was kissing back just as furiously, using her whole body and not just her mouth. Even as Anna felt her bite on her lower lip and thrust her tongue into her mouth, Elsa's hands made their way over her body, tracing the curve of her waist and snaking upward. Elsa raked her other hand through Anna's hair, tilting her head upwards so her neck was exposed. Anna writhed when she felt lips over her throat, teeth scraping against delicate skin to the side, tongue soothing her before it all started over again.\
"E-Elsa," Anna gasped. She was moving up now, lips brushing against her jaw, breath fanning over the shell of her ear and sending a shudder spasming through her entire body. She locked Elsa's thigh in between her own and rocked up against her, only separated by sheer fabric and ice. "God, Elsa!"\
"Anna\'85" Elsa groaned. "W-We should\'85stop."\
Anna paid no attention and kissed her again, but after one last time Elsa slid away, resisting Anna's feeble attempt to pull her back down and rising to her feet. Anna lay there, panting her frustration, but Elsa was hardly any better. She was breathing just as heavily, as though she had forgotten she didn't even need air. After a long moment, Elsa offered her a hand.\
"We are\'85going to need to continue later," Elsa breathed. Her eyes hadn't quite cleared yet. She looked away. "We're out in wide open space, and even if no one is around, I \'97 I wouldn't feel right."\
"N-No, you're probably right." Anna cleared her throat and straightened out her dress, feeling her cheeks redden with a flush of embarrassment. "So, uhh, the ship, to Arendelle?"\
"\'85Right here."\
Not that Anna could have missed the elegant ship of ice amidst the crude fleet of warships. It was the same one Elsa had taken to Arendelle. She remembered it well, the ethereal ship that glittered like a diamond with a thousand facets, reflecting the light and refracting it into a rainbow of color. She had always found it more beautiful than imposing, a work of art rather than an instrument of war. Painstaking attention must have gone into its crafting. Each ridge and crest was perfectly symmetrical, forming the sleek, streamlined hull of a frigate. Even the masts were fitted with sails of ice curved inwards to give the illusion of wind.\
"I always wanted to ride this," Anna admitted. She scratched the back of her neck when Elsa sent a questioning glance her way. "Way back when I first saw it, I thought I'd be riding this here."\
"Now you'll be riding it home," Elsa said.\
With a wave of her hand, Elsa summoned a staircase that substituted for the usual ramp. Anna jumped up onto the ship, awed just by being able to step foot on the beautiful creation. Though made of ice, the vessel was not transparent but opaque, having a blue tint enough to block the sight of the sea on the other side. Anna was still busy admiring the frigate when Elsa stepped aboard, but even she noticed the sudden hum that sounded the instant Elsa touched her ship.\
"Wait. Is that actually coming from the ship?" Anna asked.\
Elsa nodded, placing her hand over the mast and closing her eyes. "It responds to me. I told you before that I can hear the ice and snow. All of it has life, and it yearns for\'85perfection."\
"Do you think you could try and explain to me?"\
"Think of the ice as having a heart at its core. It's 
\i meant 
\i0 to be more than its mundane form, something locked away and hidden inside," Elsa said. "Everything entrapping that core is excess, imperfection. It wants the excess to be cast off, to be purified and refined into something greater."\
"And that's what you do," Anna said.\
Elsa smiled. "At the least, I try."\
"Well, I think it's beautiful." Anna traced the unveined, unmarred surface of the ship. "When did you make this?"\
"One of my first works. Back when it was easier, and maybe that's why it still responds so well to me," Elsa said. Without even moving, she made the sails retract and rematerialize. "Have you noticed the design, compared to the rest of the ships here?"\
Anna looked overboard to the fleet, all of them metal-hulled, equipped with guns and having large exhaust pipes jutting out from deck, heavy and meant for crushing through anything in its path. Elsa's ship was not like those at all. It was slimmer, elegant, and still possessed sails, and Anna realized its design was much more in the vein of an antiquated style. It was a style still used in...Arendelle.\
"It influenced me then. Maybe it still does now," Elsa admitted.\
"It'll be good to see Arendelle again, I promise," Anna said.\
"Arendelle isn't my home anymore." Elsa didn't sound angry, or resentful. She only stated it as fact, and Anna wished more than anything this could be a homecoming for both of them. Maybe her expression showed. Elsa smiled and took Anna's hand. "But this should be a happy occasion for you, right?"\
"Yeah." Anna squeezed her hand and grinned. "All right! When can we set out? But don't surprise me again with some crazy surfing thing."\
"Perfectly normal sailing," Elsa said.\
About as normal as everything else Elsa could do, which was still not at all normal. One moment they were motionless in the harbor, and the next, the ship had begun its voyage without even the slightest delay. Some other vessel might have had a slow start, creaking over the jagged shards of ice floating in the water to an unsteady rhythm, but not Elsa's frigate. It passed over the treacherous waters without needing the clumsy brute force of the icebreakers, all the ice parting to either side as though an invisible barrier surrounded the frigate. And it was, of course, sailing without anything powering its movement.\
"Not even a little normal. How exactly does this thing move?" But darn it, Elsa looked so smug. Anna smacked her palm. "No. Don't tell me. I can figure this out."\
"Not even a hint?"\
Anna scoffed and strode forward to stand at the bow, ignoring the little laugh from Elsa. It couldn't be that hard. Process of elimination. She already knew that Elsa could summon gusts of wind, but that couldn't be the answer. For one thing, the ice sails were there for decoration and couldn't really catch the wind, but even if they were able, Anna didn't feel any wind pushing them forward, only the wind resistance from their advance. Second theory. Elsa was able to direct ice and snow to move through the 
\i air
\i0 , and surely it wouldn't be that different going through water\'85\
"Are you using psychic powers again?" Anna asked.\
"It was never psychic, but no, not that." Elsa blinked, looking mildly impressed. "Although that would be the more obvious solution. I don't know why I never thought of that."\
"You 
\i would 
\i0 do something fancy."\
Anna sat with her legs dangling over the bow, watching the crests of water rising as the ship pressed forward. Electricity didn't seem like it would help with anything. Would probably just electrocute them all. Well, she was fresh out of ideas. While Anna kept pondering, Elsa sat down beside her and wrapped an arm around her waist.\
"Are you sure you don't want a hint?"\
"Stop distracting me." Anna leaned over and pecked Elsa on the cheek, trying to think of something as complicated as possible. "All right, I think I have it now. So the ship isn't actually moving."\
"\'85What?" Elsa looked at her with furrowed eyebrows. "We are very clearly moving."\
"See, you're trying to trick me. It's just the illusion of movement," Anna said, voice growing in volume as her excitement built. "I bet the ship just keeps rebuilding itself! Like the ice extends forward, and then loses part of the back, then the ice goes forward again, really, really fast, so the ship just keeps\'97"\
"Replicating itself infinitely to imitate movement through space," Elsa finished, and Anna grinned before she added, "And I thought my methods were convoluted."\
"No way," Anna said. "It's gotta be that. It would be so cool!"\
"It's also incredibly inefficient," Elsa said, and Anna felt pretty scandalized by the obvious amusement Elsa was getting out of this. "Should I just tell you?"\
"\'85Fine."\
Elsa stretched out her hand toward the sea with her pointer finger extended, and Anna saw the faint blue glow at the tip crackling with\'85electricity. Anna scowled. "I made the ship out of magnetized ice," Elsa explained. "So I expel another magnetic field of opposite charge in front of us, and we'll automatically move forward. It has the benefit of pushing away obstacles without taking concentration on my part, leaving me free to do\'85this."\
Anna's complaint was muffled when Elsa kissed her, and by the time the queen pulled away, Anna had forgotten all about the ship. She was having a hard time focusing on anything, actually, and Elsa smiled before stretching out flat on her back to stare up at the skies. It was a strange sight, actually, and Anna had to think for a moment before she realized why. It was the sun. Not the harsh, unfiltered, 
\i cold 
\i0 light back at the Southern Isles, but golden rays of sunshine, and seeing Elsa bathed in that light was surreal.\
Scrambling to her feet, Anna looked up and gasped at the sight of blue skies and white clouds. She looked back and realized the Southern Isles wasn't even visible anymore, instead replaced by miles and miles of ocean. Anna let out whoops of delight, looked down, saw Elsa staring at her with amusement, and laughed even louder. She stretched out her arms and took in a deep breath, feeling the warmth of the sun on her skin and smelling the salt of the ocean.\
Freedom.\
For both of them.\
"Thank you," Anna breathed.\
Elsa smiled. "Anything for you. Come and join me?"\
Anna lay down and snuggled into Elsa's embrace, for once warm and content at the side of her ice queen, and she knew that this was what she had always wanted.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Your condition is deteriorating."\
Saul poured out a bowl of steamed medicinal tea and handed it to Edmund. It perplexed him how, even after all of his best treatments, the younger prince had worsened with time. Edmund had always been extraordinarily healthy, never once in living memory catching even the most minor of colds; Saul couldn't fathom what was wrong now. Not that it was obvious. On the surface everything 
\i had
\i0  healed, Edmund was looking better than ever, but small things tipped him off. Cracking skin. Hair loss. Easy bruising. Saul doubted anyone else could have noticed just how Edmund was faring.\
Edmund received the medicine with a small shake of his head.\
"No, I'm fine," Edmund said, but he drank it down anyway without complaint. It was strange. Saul had expected him to say something about the bitterness, but it was like he couldn't even taste it.\
"As a doctor\'97"\
"Trust me, I know. Don't have to tell me." Edmund smacked his lips and handed the bowl back, throwing a grin his way for good measure. "If that's all, I'm gonna sleep. You go back to doing whatever you were doing, I'm sure that was probably important or whatever. Elsa 
\i did 
\i0 entrust you with a lot."\
Saul nodded, leaving Edmund and returning to his room without another word.\
If the foolish boy refused his advice, Saul wasn't keen to push. It was no concern of his whether or not Edmund was healthy, only that he appeared that way. Saul had long since come to terms with the fact that he cared nothing for any of his brothers, and continuing to pretend that there was anything more between them, save for the bond of blood, was ridiculous. Chance had brought them together. It was chance also that pitted them against each other, but Saul refused to gamble on his fate.\
Without the Sorcerer, his place in the game was no longer cemented. So much for having his ways of disappearing. But, Saul thought with vicious satisfaction, he really 
\i had 
\i0 disappeared, quite permanently. Gustaf had left behind a power vacuum for him to claim, but influence over the others meant nothing in the grand scheme of things. Not without the power of the crown backing his authority. Just like Edmund had said, Elsa was the way to power. Saul needed a new form of insurance now, some way to make sure he would stay relevant.\
Maybe it was time to send a message.\
His trip to Edmund's room had not been without reward.\
Saul crumpled up Anna's note and threw it in a fire. Opening his window, he sent out a carrier pigeon, watching its path north until it vanished into the white horizon.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 34: Flower in the Mirror, Moon on the Water
\b0 \
"So, I was thinking\'85" Anna fidgeted and stared out into the night sky where, just on the edge of the horizon, appearing almost like a mirage, Arendelle was visible.\
Home. After so long, seeing the castle even from afar brought such a swell of fulfillment that Anna hadn't been able to vocalize her joy. She thought she would cheer and scream. Instead she stood there, numb, with one hand clapped against her mouth, trying to hold back tears of joy welling in her eyes. She had always missed Arendelle, but until right then, seeing her home within reach, did she realize how much. It was like an ache that had never faded. Nothing could have described the elation she felt.\
Elsa had stopped the ship so Anna could compose herself, and looking at Arendelle from a distance was rather calming. It was a new experience unlike anything she had done before, actually. Being in the heart of her kingdom amidst the bustle of the people was great, being swept up in the cheer and feeling the excitement of their daily rough and tumble was great, but Anna had never taken a moment to see all of Arendelle like she was doing now. Maybe she had been around Elsa too much and she was thinking way too much about things. It was just\'85different. But a good different. Maybe she had grown up a bit.\
And then that had led to some consideration about the 
\i manner 
\i0 of her return.\
"My ship might draw unnecessary attention," Elsa admitted.\
"Kinda hard not to notice," Anna said. People might not be able to recognize Elsa herself, but she doubted Arendelle had forgotten the sole ship that had conquered the entire kingdom. Trying her hardest not to wince, she added, "People might not be too happy if they knew who you were, so\'85"\
"Fortunately, we arrived at night. I can double around to the outskirts."\
Staying close to the mountainside, they drifted toward the unpopulated edge of town where the beaches were, weaving through rocky crags to stay out of sight. Elsa docked as close as possible, but the shallow waters meant she had to stay a small distance from the beach. It was already lucky the ship didn't need an anchor, so she could hide it inside a convenient arch. Elsa formed a bridge of ice over the water for Anna to cross.\
"And now we can have a proper relationship, starting with a long walk on the beach," Anna said, grinning when Elsa let out a small snort.\
It really was nice out though. Picturesque, even, with the crescent moon shining above them on a cloudless, starry night. Gentle waves lapped at the shores, bringing with it a thin layer of foamy seawater. Anna took off her shoes and wiggled her toes in the sand, relishing the warmth.\
"What are you doing?" Elsa asked.\
"You have to walk barefoot. It's the best!" Anna burrowed her foot under the sand and kicked up a plume, watching it billow in the wind. "Oh, and you're wearing heels of all things. Just try!"\
"I'll pass," Elsa muttered, eyeing the muddy sand with distaste.\
Anna stuck out her tongue. "You're no fun."\
She took Elsa's hand and led them on a slow walk back to town, standing closer to the shore while Elsa walked along the dryer sand. Neither of them said anything, instead listening to the crashing of the waves. It was a nice, comfortable silence between them now, not the pregnant pause that was so much more common as of late. Anna smiled down at her feet, watching the waves bathe her feet.\
"Why are you smiling to yourself?" Elsa asked, but she was smiling too.\
"I'm just really happy. I keep feeling like I'm dreaming. Maybe I 
\i am 
\i0 dreaming," Anna said. "Is it really clich\'e9 if I say I don't ever want to wake up?"\
"Yes. Stupid too," Elsa said. "Of course you should wake up. I'll be there when you do."\
"I don't know if that was really mean or really smooth," Anna laughed. "All right, I think that proves I'm not dreaming. Pretty sure I wouldn't dream you saying something like 
\i that
\i0 ."\
"\'85Is that bad?"\
"No, I'd rather have the real you than some version I dreamed," Anna said. Standing on tiptoes, she reached up to peck Elsa on the cheek. "You're better than anything I could have imagined."\
"Anna..."\
"I'm serious, I wouldn't change anything about you. I know you worry about making me happy or whatever, but you already do," Anna said. She tightened her grip and felt Elsa squeeze back, the pressure of their interlaced fingers grounding them both. "I love you. I'll always love you."\
"\'85Thank you," Elsa said. Anna yelped when she stopped and pulled her closer, but her complaints were quieted when Elsa touched her forehead to hers. "Anna, I\'85"\
Elsa quieted, and Anna knew she was having difficulty saying those three words. It wasn't that Elsa didn't feel the same way; Anna could 
\i feel 
\i0 everything Elsa felt for her through the warm pulse that connected their hearts. She just couldn't say it aloud. She had been demonized by the parents she loved, and then raised to be an unfeeling weapon by the man who rescued her from that living hell. Sometimes Anna doubted Elsa would ever feel comfortable enough to say those words. She wouldn't blame her.\
"You don't have to say anything," Anna said. "I'm not one of those people who need to hear it. I already know."\
"You're more giving than I deserve," Elsa murmured. "I wish I were whole. You deserve someone complete. Someone more than a pale imitation."\
"That's not true." Anna frowned when Elsa said nothing. Surely something could break her out of this mood. "You 
\i do
\i0  owe me something," Anna said, grabbing Elsa's left hand with her right and putting her arm on her shoulder. "We're gonna dance. I don't like that you did this with someone else but not me."\
Elsa chuckled and nodded, taking the lead by placing her hand over Anna's waist. No music, but the sound of the waves was enough; having Elsa with her was enough. Anna closed her eyes and laid her head on Elsa's shoulder as they swayed in place, not doing anything elaborate or saying anything unnecessary, only enjoying each other's company.\
And when finally they moved, they moved in tandem.\
Elsa took a step back and Anna took a step forward, following the rhythm of the sea on a stage that existed only for them, their only audience the stars and the moon that embraced them. They danced, their feet sweeping over the sand to bring them close, only for the distance to grow again; but their hands were still linked, and the next moment, they were together once more.\
"I thought you'd be a little clumsier," Elsa admitted, stepping back and raising her arm so Anna could twirl, smiling when Anna laughed in celebration of her success.\
"I'm not 
\i that 
\i0 bad," Anna said.\
"In that case\'85"\
Before Anna could protest, Elsa edged forward and dipped her backwards. Gasping aloud and scrabbling to hold onto Elsa, Anna barely found purchase on the suddenly too-slick dress, fingertips almost sliding off the icy fabric. She needn't have feared. Even though her heart thumped in her chest \'97 feeling a vague, foreign satisfaction \'97 Elsa held on and braced her back without effort, pulling her up with the same ease as before. Anna fell back into step with relief, but managed a half-hearted glare at the queen anyway.\
"I thought you could handle it," Elsa said.\
"And I can," Anna said.\
She quickened her next step. Even though Elsa was still leading, she acquiesced and upped the tempo, guiding them through faster and faster steps, throwing in more twirls and the occasional dip, until Anna was kicking up a virtual dust storm with each sweeping step; Elsa was still gliding over the sand with such softness that she left nary a footprint. By the end, Elsa was actually grinning in challenge.\
Of course, Anna knew she was outmatched in this contest of sophistication and grace.\
She would just have to rely on what she did best. Anna let go and, before Elsa could react, grabbed her by the waist and threw them both down to the ground. Elsa hit the sand on her back, uttering an inelegant grunt while Anna lay sprawled on top of her. She cracked one eye open just as Anna peered down, flashing a bright smile that she hoped would get her out of trouble.\
"I'm not sure I've ever ended a dance that way," Elsa murmured. "But then, we always seem to end up like this."\
"What's wrong with this way?" Anna leaned down, kissed her on the lips, and bounced up onto her feet to offer the downed queen a hand. "Come on, you said it. All's fair and anything goes!"\
"Clever." Elsa rose and brushed off the sand on her dress, and Anna envied the way the granules slid off without resistance. Her own cloak was crusted with the stuff. "Shall we head on to the castle?"\
"You have to answer something first," Anna said. Elsa tilted her head, and Anna's smile widened. "Am I a better dancer than Saul?"\
Elsa blinked. She turned and walked away a few steps, shoulders shaking, and Anna was just about to start worrying when she heard soft peals of laughter. Peering over her shoulder, Anna was shocked to see Elsa trying to cover up her laughs by hiding her mouth behind her hand, actually close to doubling over while she shook her head with obvious mirth.\
"Hey! Why are you laughing?"\
"It's just funny seeing you jealous," Elsa said, taking Anna's hand again and setting a slow pace as they continued on their way. "It's always fun with you, Anna."\
"I'm taking that as a no," Anna grumbled.\
Elsa hummed and said nothing, laughing a little again when Anna kept up a pout. Eventually, though, Anna dropped the act and let her elation show, practically skipping the rest of the way. Only she could make Elsa laugh like that.\
Before long, they had reached the end of the beach and were back in the town proper. Anna could recognize the little shops in the marketplace and the homes off in the distance, even without the merchants manning them and the barest of lights illuminating the buildings. Arendelle Castle was only a scant few minutes' walk away, the bridge and gates visible from where they stood. She was home.\
Anna dropped her shoes with the intent to put them back on, but one look downwards and she frowned. All the seawater had encrusted a liberal amount of sand on both her feet and the shoes, and while she 
\i could 
\i0 just force them back on, that would most likely leave her sore and achy. Before Anna could come up with a plan, Elsa stepped in front of her and bent down.\
"Get on," Elsa said.\
"Umm\'85" Anna looked down at her dress, non-magical and not so blessed to be protected from sand and dust. She knew Elsa hated being unclean. "Are you sure?"\
"I know all about Alek doing this for you when you two first met," Elsa said, turning back with a raised eyebrow while Anna gaped. "You're not the only one who can be jealous. Get on."\
Anna did as she was told, climbing onto Elsa's back and looping her arms loosely around her neck. While Elsa set off towards the castle, Anna hid her grin by pressing her lips to Elsa's bared shoulder, delighting further in the slight pause that incited in Elsa's steady walk. Anna closed her eyes and breathed in the sharp wintry scent that was so distinctly Elsa. Rocked to and fro and deliciously warm in the Arendellian air, kept comfortable by the counteracting cool from Elsa, Anna let her mind wander.\
And soon, she drifted off to sleep.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna was asleep.\
It was just like her to fall asleep right before arriving home, but Elsa supposed the excitement must have drained her more than she let on. Elsa shook her head in amusement, craning her neck to look at Anna for a moment before shifting to compensate for the princess's slackening grip. Elsa walked the rest of the way in silence, occasionally gazing up to admire the moon, which always reminded her so much of herself. In that way, maybe Anna was the sun. It would fit. Elsa knew herself to be cold and imperfect, but Anna was bright and whole. How strange, Elsa thought, that the moon would embrace the sun.\
She schooled her expression to neutrality when approaching Arendelle Castle, unsurprised that there were guards posted at the gates. What 
\i did 
\i0 catch her off-guard was the presence of King Agdar.\
"Queen Elsa," Agdar said, nodding his respect but choosing to keep his dignity. Much unlike the pitiful display of groveling the Duke of Weselton had presented, Agdar stood tall. Perhaps the only chink in his armor was his brief glance towards Anna, but he knew better than to question her odd location.\
"Lord Agdar." Elsa likewise glanced at the small troop of guards, not an overt force but certainly more than was warranted during peacetime. "You do not seem surprised to see me."\
"I assure you that it was a most pleasant surprise," Agdar said, giving her a strained smile and gesturing towards the inside of the castle. "And I welcome you back to Arendelle Castle."\
"I would not blame you for inquiring about your daughter," Elsa said. Maybe she was still in a good mood from before, but she found herself quite amused by the steadfast way Agdar avoided the subject.\
"\'85It 
\i is 
\i0 a surprise to see Anna lying where she is now. I apologize that she has inconvenienced you." Agdar cleared his throat when Elsa waved her hand. "Has she been well?"\
"If you are asking whether I have mistreated her, I assure you that Anna is\'85an honored guest," Elsa said. She strode towards the castle keep, careful to avoid jostling Anna and keeping her voice low. "I brought her here because she missed home, and yourself."\
"I have also\'85missed her dearly." Agdar sighed. "I have confidence in your words and trust that Anna was treated well, but I cannot help but worry. She is only a child."\
"You underestimate her. She is not so na\'efve and helpless as you might think, Agdar."\
"Perhaps, but a parent will always care for their child regardless of whether they have grown."\
Elsa pursed her lips at the reminder of her own parents, but Agdar couldn't have known his casual statement had been a jibe. It had been a delicate task to 
\i not 
\i0 think about her past, her parents, one she had undertaken since she first set foot in Arendelle, but now that the dam had opened all the repressed thoughts burst forth. She wondered if her old home was still around, or whether the scene had been cleaned and the area restored. She wondered if the rumors of what happened there had become a wives' tale to scare unruly children. She wondered if she might still feel something, if she were to stand there once more, whether she would still be Queen Elsa or be reduced to that scared, lost child again.\
"Queen Elsa?" Agdar asked.\
Elsa snapped out of her reverie, only then noticing they had entered the Great Hall. Agdar was watching her, either inquisitive about her thoughts or concerned for Anna. Elsa wasn't sure which irked her more.\
"I was only admiring the architecture. Arendelle Castle is very beautiful, and with a much longer history than the Southern Isles," Elsa said. "Last I was here, I did not have a chance to explore its intricacies."\
A portly woman with a round, jovial face \'97 Elsa assumed she was an attendant \'97 walked up to them and dipped into an unpracticed curtsey. "Your Majesty, I can take Princess Anna to her bedroom. I've been attending to her since she was a wee thing\'97"\
"You must be Gerda," Elsa said. At least Agdar hid his surprise well, but Gerda spoke for both of them with the blinking of her wide eyes. "Anna has told me about you. I leave her in your good hands, then."\
It would have been preferable to stay with Anna, but she still had some unfinished matters in Arendelle. Elsa turned and allowed Gerda to take Anna from her back, somewhat impressed with the older woman's strength. She watched Gerda travel up the stairs until both she and Anna disappeared from view, and then turned back to the king.\
Agdar cleared his throat. "If there is anything you might require\'97"\
"Not your presence any longer," Elsa interjected. "But I will require the library, and I am not to be disturbed. I'm sure you will be able to accommodate me without my direct input."\
"\'85Of course."\
Elsa strode toward the library without another word.\
She 
\i knew 
\i0 the Mirror was somewhere in Arendelle. It was just the same as last time she came, bearing ships and flags of war; Elsa could hear the song of the Mirror in the air, a hymn louder and clearer than she had heard anywhere else, but she could not pinpoint the location of the shards. It was a strange sensation. She heard the song and felt the call, but there was no direction, no source, as though the Mirror were everywhere and nowhere all at once. Elsa had even tried summoning the shards to her as she did so many times before, but without success.\
Perhaps Arendelle Castle would have some clues. Its library was vaster than that of the Southern Isles Castle; Elsa had been truthful when noting Arendelle's longer, much more cultured history. Relatively speaking the Southern Isles was a new nation in comparison to the ancient kingdom of Arendelle, long established and flourishing by the time the islands were populated. No, Arendelle was an old place.\
And as rumor would have it, Arendelle was home to an even more ancient civilization.\
Elsa slid a black-bound tome out from the shelves, deciphering the gold runes engraved on its cover. On its pages was depicted short, stout creatures resembling boulders\'85\
Trolls.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was called the Valley of the Living Rock.\
Elsa eyed the hissing geothermal vents expelling steam, feeling the uncomfortable warmth shifting beneath her feet. She traversed the upwards slope with careful steps, taking in her surroundings as she went. Green and violet lights of the aurora borealis lit up the skies. Lichens and mosses thrived on the igneous rock. Magma flowed just beneath the surface of this valley, supplying new rock and giving new life to the valley. If Elsa didn't already know the truth of this place, she might have mistaken that for the reason behind its name.\
Up above was a rounded clearing surrounded by several raised terraces, still the same dark igneous rock spotted with green, but the dozens, even hundreds of small boulders that sat upon those terraces were a lighter shade of grey. Nothing about those rocks appeared to be anything special. Elsa strode into the center of the clearing with her head held high.\
"I know you're here," Elsa said.\
Nothing responded, but she had expected as much. Elsa raised her hand, summoning lightning to flow through her index and middle finger, and crouched just low enough that she was in a battle-ready stance. One pivot and she could hurl lightning through the entire clearing until nothing was left.\
"You will show yourselves to me," Elsa said again, raising her voice. "Or I will answer your silence with death. I have little patience for you."\
A loud rumble.\
A dull tremor.\
A heavy groan.\
Every single boulder rolled off the terraces of their own accord, the sound of crashing stone ringing in her ears as they approached. Elsa straightened and allowed the electricity to dissipate, satisfied that her demand was being met. Of course, she kept her guard up. In only seconds she was surrounded by the stones, and she knew better than to underestimate the creatures because of their size.\
Before her eyes, each boulder unfurled, the uniform greyness opening to reveal arms and legs, short spikes of grass for hair and faces carved into the stone. None of them were exactly the same, though they shared some of the same features, wide noses and pearly white teeth, moss substituted for clothing. And in particular, they all had the same unwelcoming expression.\
"You are the trolls, then." Elsa nodded her head in greeting, but she did not lower herself to their level. None stood taller than a foot off the ground."\
One troll, wearing pink crystals and bearing stringy, yellow grass for hair, stepped forward from the rest. She hissed, "You're not welcome here, Wraith." All the rest murmured in agreement.\
Elsa frowned. "Understandable, but you have something of mine. Return it to me, and I will leave. I have no desire to be here any longer than necessary."\
"You don't belong here, Wraith. I told you to leave now\'97"\
She was interrupted by whispers in the background, and the trolls parted to clear a path for one boulder in particular. It unfurled, revealing an older troll wearing a grass cape and an elaborate headdress. Stepping in front of the first troll, he told her, "Bulda! Be at peace. I will speak with her."\
"And you are\'85?" Elsa asked.\
"My name is Pabbie." Looking her over, the wizened troll bowed low, touching his forehead to the ground before rising. "And I welcome you, Mirror-Child."\
Elsa raised an eyebrow. "Interesting that you should call me that when I'm here precisely for that reason. I wondered where the Mirror could be\'85and then I found this place. Where have you hidden the shards?"\
"We have kept them safe from those who would abuse the power of the Mirror," Pabbie said. "I cannot hand them over to you."\
Elsa paused for a second, no longer, while she thought about her reply.\
"Then I will kill you."\
At once, all the other trolls bristled. Some of the younger ones were maybe neutral towards her, but Elsa noticed how the elders were all on edge in her presence, skittish and agitated, as though her mere existence was an offense. Bulda looked torn between revulsion and terror.\
Only Pabbie was unaffected, continuing to smile. "I do not believe that you will." Elsa furrowed her eyebrows, and Pabbie added, "If you had found this place only months ago, you would have attacked without ever thinking to ask for the shards. You come in peace."\
It was true. For all of her threats, Elsa found herself reluctant to kill these creatures, being able to understand their desire for isolation. It felt wrong to exterminate this ancient culture when all they had done was hide themselves from the world, praying for peace and quiet. Perhaps it was Anna's influence as well, but Elsa had no interest in leaving a massacre behind her. But still\'85\
"It doesn't change that I won't leave without the Mirror," Elsa said.\
"What you said before was true. You are the Mirror-Child, and the Mirror belongs to you, and only you," Pabbie agreed. "But do you know what it is that you seek?"\
"I know enough," Elsa said. It was her missive to 
\i complete
\i0  the Mirror. She didn't need to know its history to track it down. "It's an artifact of great power, originating from a drop of moonlight. It was shattered, and then the pieces scattered."\
"Yes, and that was for the best," Pabbie said. "It is a dangerous thing, not meant to be completed again. No good can come of its return."\
"I don't believe that decision is for you to decide."\
"Then maybe I can convince you of the truth."\
Elsa frowned. She doubted anything he could say would convince her of abandoning her mission, but at the same time, she grudgingly appreciated that Pabbie was willing to explain and not speak in riddles. If she were honest, part of her
\i  was 
\i0 curious. "Speak, then."\
Pabbie nodded. "As you said, a drop of moonlight once fell from the sky. Here it fell. Here it froze the water, and the Mirror came into being. Upon its surface was reflected the desires of the heart, and those desires would become reality. We are proof of that. We are the living rock because we yearned for life, and our wish was granted."\
"And yet you would leave the Mirror broken?"\
"Yes," Pabbie said, with utmost conviction. Not the sort Elsa had heard before from would-be martyrs and glory-seeking heroes. Those people did what they did for some grandiose purpose, human in scope and in the end, negligible. What Pabbie had was much, much realer than that. Pabbie 
\i knew 
\i0 that it had to be so, for a reason greater than could be spoken, beyond even what he was explaining.\
It simply was.\
"The Mirror is not difficult to use, but impossible to control," Pabbie continued. "It is not sentient. It has no will of its own save for the desires of the one who wields it\'85and you must understand that all beings possess reckless desire. Anyone who could force their will upon the Mirror, claim its heart, could turn their desires into reality. Immortal kings. Shifting lands. Burning skies. It was chaos."\

\i She watched as the air condensed into falling droplets of black water, as ice and crystal rained from the sky like judgment.
\i0 \

\i She watched as geysers of flame and toxic fume erupted from the ground, as the choking sulfur suffocated men in a shadowy haze.
\i0 \

\i She watched as the sky tore apart because there was no atmosphere anymore, as the sky blue ripped open to expose a starry darkness like a gaping maw.
\i0 \
Elsa shut her eyes in an attempt to block out the visions. When she opened them again she was back in the present, seeing Pabbie shake his head with sympathy.\
"What did you do to me?" Elsa asked.\
"Nothing. If you saw anything, those were your own memories," Pabbie said.\
But she couldn't have those memories. She had never seen any of that before now, and if Pabbie was truthful, those were visions from thousands and thousands of years ago. Elsa clamped one hand over her eye, feeling a headache spike through from the back of her skull.\
"Continue," Elsa said, biting her words out through clenched teeth.\
"No human records will recall those days. Even among the trolls, the story has become myth. None of us remember for ourselves, but we still feel the truth in our stone hearts," Pabbie said. "Chaos, Elsa. Desire is not an evil thing, nor does evil even exist. But absolute gratification, when all our desires are satiated at the moment of inception, when no dreams are left save for destruction\'85chaos."\
"Something had to have changed. How did the Mirror break?" Elsa asked.\
"One woman came upon the Mirror. She was\'85different, from the rest of humanity." Pabbie closed his eyes and bowed to the ground, and all the other trolls followed suit. "She had no desire."\
"Like me," Elsa murmured. She remembered the words of the Sorcerer, right before they fought. She could not be manipulated because she had no desire\'97\
"No!" Pabbie said. "What you have done is repress and deny your desires. It was absolution that this woman reached. She attained understanding of her emotions and her desires. She accepted herself for herself. She chose to let go of her trappings, not bury them. When she came in contact with the Mirror\'85"\
"It shattered. Because there was nothing to reflect." Elsa bowed her head. "Letting go\'85"\
"You're the furthest thing possible from that," Bulda interrupted. She had been angry and fearful before. Now she looked at her with sadness, and a tinge of pity. "You have become a Wraith."\
"Why do you call me that? Wraith?" Elsa asked.\
"We are a people deeply attuned to the self, to the matters of the heart, and you, Elsa, have committed an unspeakable atrocity," Pabbie answered. Elsa 
\i knew 
\i0 what he was going to say next. Dread froze in her veins. "You have denied your heart. You threw it aside and forgot yourself, Elsa."\
"Is there\'85" Elsa swallowed. She never thought she would ever ask for 
\i help, 
\i0 and even now her pride rankled at the indignity, chafed against once again being at the mercy of others. But this could be her last chance. She had to try. "Is there a way for me to undo this?"\
"It depends on the reason. Why do you wish to undo this magic?"\
"Because\'85" Was there a right answer? Was Pabbie looking for her to say something in particular? "Because I've found someone who I love, and I want to love her fully. Not this sad mockery. I want her to have more than this ugly shadow, this Wraith\'97"\
"Then I cannot help you," Pabbie said, raising his hand and turning away.\
Elsa whipped her arm forward, sending a wave of ice arcing around the troll, but while the others exclaimed their fear, Pabbie stopped silent in his tracks. She shook with anger. She refused to be denied. She would not suffer this condescension.\
"You will tell me what I need to do," Elsa said.\
"You hear, but you do not listen," Pabbie said. Turning around, he fixed her with a regretful gaze. "You remind me of him, the other man. It was the same. Though he asked for counsel, he chose not to act."\
"Someone else was here?"\
"Gustaf. Son of Markus. Husband of Celina. Father of Odon." Pabbie smiled, but it was a painful thing. "If he had succeeded in defeating his father, perhaps none of this travesty would have occurred."\
Elsa's eyes widened, disbelieving of what she had heard, but she heard no deceit in Pabbie's voice. And why would he craft such an outlandish lie? It had to be true. "You gave counsel to Gustaf? What did you tell him? When was this\'97?"\
"Before you knew him, but after your existence was made known to his family," Pabbie said.\
"But that's impossible. We met after Markus saved me, and Gustaf was in the Southern Isles. Or was he with Markus as well?" Elsa searched through her memories, but Gustaf had never been on the returning ship leaving Arendelle. And she clearly remembered their first meeting, being introduced at the castle\'85\
Pabbie shook his head. "No. At the time in your mind, he was not with his father."\
"Such a polite boy. Asked us what he should do," Bulda added.\
"Why did you give 
\i him 
\i0 counsel?" Elsa whirled around to Bulda. "Why do you not consider 
\i him 
\i0 a Wraith, when you condemn me for doing the same\'97"\
"Gustaf was not a Wraith."\
It was such an absurd thing to say that Elsa only heard the individual words without registering their combined meaning for a moment. Even when she did, she only grew more confused. It was illogical. Nothing about that made sense, but Pabbie seemed determined to not give her a straight answer. If that was his decision, there was no need to heed his words either. Elsa turned away, preparing to leave the wretched valley. She found no value in his cryptic answers. Before she left, however, she looked back to Pabbie, standing there staring at her with saddened eyes.\
"I'll be back for the Mirror," Elsa promised. "And that time, nothing you say will stop me."\
"Remember, Elsa, Mirror-Child. There is great beauty in your magic\'85" Pabbie sighed. "But also great danger. Remember that always, Elsa."\
"Believe me. I already know."\
Elsa departed, leaving behind the edge of comprehension she had gained for that brief, brief moment.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 35: Yes, I Want to Build a Snowman
\b0 \
Anna woke the next morning refreshed, but there was something strange about\'85\
She was in her own room.\
She was home.\
Flinging off the covers with more energy than she ever possessed in the mornings, she stepped onto the carpeted floor and spun in a circle, gasping as she drank in the familiarity of a home she had left behind. Old trinkets she had picked up in the market were still lying on her desk: an antiquated dual-unicorn knife-rest that used to be a fashion statement for the dinner table, but which Anna used as a good luck charm; a weathered shield decorated by a crest of a red bird; and a badly done painting depicting benevolent trolls under the northern lights, something of an old folk tale in Arendelle.\
Anna went into her bathroom to freshen up, keen on seeing her father and embarrassed she had fallen asleep before arriving. Thinking back, Elsa must have carried her here. Anna reddened at the thought of everyone seeing her clinging to Elsa, but it was also warming that Elsa was willing to 
\i let
\i0  them see her carrying someone. She splashed some more water on her face until she calmed down.\
When she stepped back into her room, she heard voices outside the door.\
"Your Majesty, Princess Anna is still asleep," Gerda said, and Anna squealed at hearing the voice of her old caretaker. "It wouldn't be proper\'97"\
"I appreciate that you have Anna's interests in mind, but your concerns are unnecessary." It had to be Elsa, Anna thought. No one else sounded quite that authoritative. Anna grinned when the door opened, Elsa striding in while Gerda lagged behind looking stricken. "I told you she was awake," Elsa said.\
Anna waved. "Morning, Gerda!"\
"G-Good morning, Princess Anna." Gerda blinked and turned to Elsa, so surprised she forgot to address her with honorifics. "How did you\'97?"\
"Doesn't really matter," Anna interrupted. She swept Gerda into a hug, grinning when it took no time at all for her to return the embrace. It was like she had never been gone. "It's so great to see you! And 
\i you
\i0  look great, Gerda. Did you change your haircut?"\
"Oh, I did!" When Gerda smiled, she did so without reservation. Wide and toothy, her smile was just an expression of happiness and relief. No ulterior motives hidden beneath the surface, no pretense of joy for the sake of pleasing her. "I knew you would notice. Does it make my face look thinner?"\
"It does! Do I look any different?" Anna asked.\
"Maybe just a little taller?"\
"Gerda, I'm eighteen. I don't think I'm growing anymore."\
"Nonsense," Gerda said, tutting in disapproval. "People never stop growing! Just that they grow 
\i out 
\i0 instead of 
\i up
\i0 , so you might need to cut back on the chocolate thing\'85"\
"And whose fault was that?"\
"Well, hopefully the weight goes where you want it," Gerda said. Anna furrowed her eyebrows, not understanding, and the maid, practically cackling, motioned with her hands to 
\i above
\i0  her stomach.\
"Gerda!" Anna flushed.\
Elsa cleared her throat. "I hate to interrupt, but I need to speak to Anna. If you'll excuse us, Gerda?"\
Anna held back a laugh when Gerda jumped, apparently having forgotten that Elsa was also in the room. After giving a curtsey, Gerda backed out. From the way she eased the door shut, Anna could tell she was worried. Not for the first time, she wondered how exactly everyone thought she was treated in the Southern Isles. It should have been proof enough that Elsa wasn't the monster they thought she was when she brought Anna back to visit home, even deigning to carry her, but old habits die hard.\
Once they were alone Elsa turned to her, lips twitching with repressed laughter. "You two 
\i are 
\i0 close. If I hadn't interrupted, we might have been here all day discussing\'85that."\
"Now our relationship is 
\i too 
\i0 normal," Anna groaned. "I even get to be embarrassed by family members."\
"Normal is good," Elsa said. "After all, my family tried to kill us."\
"Morbid. Anyway! Sorry I passed out on you last night, I bet it was so awkward." Anna bit her lip. Hopefully she didn't drool on Elsa. "Were you bored?"\
"I found things to hold my interest," Elsa said, eyes growing unfocused for a moment. Anna almost missed it, but she looked troubled. Before she could ask, Elsa added, "Before I forget, we need to talk about what we're going to do about...us."\
"Why does that sound so serious?"\
Elsa fidgeted and actually shrugged, the awkward motion looking so out of place for her that Anna gaped. It took a good ten seconds for Elsa to blurt out, "I'm not sure what we should tell your father."\
"O-Oh. 
\i Oh
\i0 ." Anna clapped her face in her hands, pushing up her cheeks and groaning. "Oh, this is going to be one awkward conversation. Just let me do the talking."\
Somehow, Anna didn't think it would blow over too well that she and Elsa had come back 
\i together
\i0 . Forget propriety, Elsa had conquered their kingdom. Anna hadn't thought about it in so long that she almost forgot Arendelle was now a vassal state of the Southern Isles, but she didn't see Pappa being pleased that she was romantically involved with the kingdom's worst enemy. Well, Anna thought, drawing up her courage, she had to try. Maybe she could do something to mend the situation. Maybe she could convince her father that Elsa wasn't who they thought she was.\
"I was thinking we should just avoid that conversation altogether," Elsa said. "I don't want to make things difficult for you."\
"What?" Anna shook her head. "No, I don't want to hide. It's not fair to you. I mean, I'm not ashamed of being with you and I want Pappa to know\'97"\
"I understand, and I'm grateful. But\'85" Elsa frowned. "Sometimes hiding your thoughts isn't out of bad intention. It's because you care about someone. Wouldn't you rather spare your father the grief?"\
"I'm not sure I agree with that," Anna muttered.\
"If it were me, I'd rather not know. I'd rather be kept in the dark, so I could spend more time with you without worry. It would only hurt for longer if you told me sooner."\
"Now I really don't agree with that."\
"I know," Elsa said. "But I think it's the best thing to do for now. Spend some time with your father without making things difficult because of me. Don't spoil this chance."\
Six months had passed. She hadn't seen her Pappa in six months, and now there was this small window of time. If Anna were honest, she 
\i was
\i0  reluctant to bring up a subject potentially damaging to their relationship. In no scenario could she imagine her father being happy about this. She would tell him another time, Anna decided. Next time, or even just a bit later, she would be more prepared to tell Pappa everything. Just not right now. It 
\i was 
\i0 for the best. Right?\
"It's okay," Elsa murmured.\
"\'85All right, if you think so." Anna hugged Elsa and then pulled away with a grin. "We can go exploring later! We'll just pretend to be civilians. I don't think people will recognize you as long as you're not all Ice Queen. You'll have to wear something normal from my wardrobe."\
"If I 
\i have
\i0  to," Elsa said.\
Anna laughed. "I'll see you then!"\
She kissed Elsa on the cheek and left the room, hurrying to her father's study. Arendelle Castle had a distinctly welcoming air in contrast to the cold, forbidding Southern Isles Castle, brighter, more colorful. Though the leaves were beginning to change color and harkened the arrival of autumn, the sunlight still brought with it the warmth of summer. Anna walked lighter than in the Southern Isles, where the oppressive atmosphere weighed down her every step. Before long, she stood outside her father's door.\
Anna raised her hand to knock, but paused an inch away from the door. She took a deep breath, but her heart still pounded so powerfully her head swam. It had been so long. Part of her was scared that maybe either her father or herself had changed too much, that maybe their relationship wouldn't have the same easy understanding as before.\
She 
\i knew 
\i0 that she was different now. All these years, her father had sheltered her and done everything in his power to preserve her sense of wonder in the world. Agdar had told her once that her compassion and optimism was a rare gift, one that could easily be tarnished. But she knew more than the confines of this castle now. She experienced greed and hate and desperation; Anna had left an innocent and returned having seen much more than her father ever wanted, horrors that taught her the outside world wasn't always perfect and beautiful. Was she still the Anna who believed in having faith?\
But did that really even matter?\
Her father was still her Pappa.\
Anna pushed the door open.\
Agdar was seated at his desk, hunched over documents, and Pappa looked older than Anna remembered. Strands of grey hair decorated his temples, and the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes had deepened. New stress lines had developed where there was once smooth skin. Anna stood there and stared for a moment, hardly daring to believe that her father was really there, watching him work as she often did before.\
Try as she might to contain it, a muffled sob escaped her lips. Agdar looked up and froze at the sight of her, blinking hard, until Anna managed a weak smile and he rose from his desk, taking slow, careful steps toward her. Anna closed the rest of the distance and rushed into his arms. Pappa was the same as before, still strong, still steady, not even wavering for an instant.\
"Anna," Agdar murmured, kissing the top of her head. "Everything is going to be all right. You're home now. I'm here, Anna. I'm here."\
"I missed you," Anna said.\
"I missed you too." Agdar took a deep breath. Anna swore she heard him fighting back tears. "I'm so sorry. I'm sorry you had to be our sacrifice. All of this is my fault."\
"It wasn't like that. I was happy I could do something for Arendelle," Anna murmured. "And it hasn't been all bad. I'm stronger than you think, Pappa."\
"Yes. I know." Agdar pulled away and took a closer look at her, smiling a sad smile. "You look the same, Anna. But I've aged so much."\
"Not true. Still looking great, Pappa."\
Agdar laughed but nodded anyway. "Tell me how your days have been."\
"Not too bad," Anna said. She disregarded the parts about the Sorcerer, which went from 
\i not too bad 
\i0 to outright 
\i terrifying
\i0 . Like Elsa had said, she would spare her father the pain. "It was rough at first, but once I got used to the place, I adapted pretty well, I think. Met the princes. Mostly jerks, but I actually made friends with some of them. I think you'd like them."\
"It seems Elsa is fond of you too," Agdar said.\
"Wh-What?" Anna fought back a rush of heat, praying that her face didn't redden.\
"She carried you here last night while you were asleep."\
Anna breathed a sigh of relief that he hadn't noticed anything\'85more. But all the same, part of her wished that he 
\i had 
\i0 and she could tell him everything. She comforted herself with the thought that not saying something wasn't quite the same as outright lying, but Anna wondered how he would take it when he finally 
\i did 
\i0 find out. She had never hidden anything from her father. But Elsa had a point. Pappa wouldn't give them his blessing now. She had to convince him that Elsa was different first.\
"I'm glad that you were not mistreated," Agdar continued, eyes becoming unfocused as a dark, haunted look passed over his face. "I had worried that\'85"\
"No, I'm really okay. And I've learned a lot too," Anna insisted. "Especially about Elsa."\
Agdar smiled. "Yes, I know. You've done well, Anna. I told you only to take care of yourself, that I didn't expect anything more\'85but I've never been more proud."\
"Umm. Sure?" Anna didn't understand what he meant by that, but she seemed to be getting somewhere. May as well run with it. "So I wanted to tell you about\'97"\
"Everything is under control," Agdar said, clapping Anna's shoulders and looking her in the eye with a heavy stare. "Don't worry, Anna. You've done your part wonderfully. Leave the rest to me."\
"No, I meant about Elsa\'97"\
"I know. She trusts you."\
Well, that was technically true. Anna held back a frown at the odd look in her father's eye, a sort of tight resolve that was half-steel and half-remorse. She honestly had no idea what was going on anymore. She just assumed her father was still sad about having to give her up. Maybe now wasn't the best time. Yes, Anna decided, she would just try again later.\
"All righty." Anna gestured to the door. "I'm going to go meet up with Elsa now, I think she's waiting for me. We'll talk again later, right?"\
"We'll have much more time soon."\
"I'm not sure how long we're staying," Anna warned. "It might just be a few days."\
"Of course," Agdar said, nodding with a business-like air normally reserved for the political scene. "Very soon, then. Remember that there's nothing to be afraid of anymore, Anna. You're home now."\
"Yeah." Anna hugged her father one more time. "It's great to be back, Pappa."\
"It's great to have you back." Agdar squeezed back before letting go, giving Anna a proud smile. "Now then. It's best that you don't keep Elsa waiting."\
Well, Anna thought, Pappa didn't seem to hate the idea of her spending time with Elsa.\
It was a start!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Everyone gave her a wide berth, but Elsa was used to people distancing themselves from her. That treatment here, at least, was justified. She entertained herself watching the staff scurry about while trying to sneak glances at her; Elsa pretended she didn't notice their curiosity about her odd choice of dress. Meant for Arendellian royalty, the teal-and-black dress had belonged to Anna but was shuttered away in the back of her closet. Anna seemed to prefer bright shades of red and blue, but Elsa couldn't imagine herself wearing those.\
And there was Anna now, running up with abandon and, strangely, a beaten-up bag on her back. Elsa raised an eyebrow and the princess paused halfway through a hug, arms still raised. She tilted her head toward the maids, Gerda included, spying on them. Anna, seeming to remember that no one was supposed to know about their relationship, swung her arms around like she was only stretching. Elsa almost winced at the banal save, but the maids seemed convinced enough.\
"All right!" Anna exclaimed. "Are you ready for a tour of Arendelle?"\
"Are you sure this is enough to convince people we're civilians?" Elsa wasn't impressed by the finery of their garb, but it was still far superior to what commoners wore. Anyone halfway observant would notice.\
"Nope, but good point! Which is why I brought these," Anna said, swinging the satchel in between them and pulling it open with aplomb. She withdrew two brown cloaks made of coarse fabric and threw one on, then offered the other to Elsa.\
Elsa stared at the cloak and wrinkled her nose.\
"It works," Anna said.\
"\'85All right, but no one hears about this." Elsa sent a sweeping glare around the hall until the busybodies resumed their work. She pulled the cloak over her head, missing the cool, airy freedom of her ice-dress.\
With their disguises perfected, they set out. Anna pointed out the ducklings in the courtyard and played with them for a little while, setting one particularly ugly cretin on Elsa's shoulder. Before she could do anything, it had decided she was a perch and sat down on her head. It refused to let go of her hair for a good three minutes, and any attempts to pry it off led only to loud squawks; Elsa didn't have the heart to blast it away. Eventually the duckling became bored and hopped off, and Elsa dragged Anna away. Anna kept saying she had secretly enjoyed playing with them, and while Elsa continued to deny it\'85\
Maybe it was just a 
\i little
\i0  nice that the things hadn't been smart enough to be afraid of her.\
Passing through the gates, they followed the cobblestone road to town. In the Southern Isles, the royal family had kept a respectable distance from the commoners; Arendelle apparently deigned to be in close proximity with them, because the town started almost immediately where the castle ended. Elsa stiffened at the sight of a crowd milling about, instinct warning her of unseen danger lurking in the guise of civilians. It would be easiest thing in the world for assassins to wade through the sea of people\'85\
"Relax," Anna whispered. She took Elsa's hand and guided her around the crowd to stand at the edge of the market, allowing her to observe with a little more breathing space.\
Fighting back her anxiety, Elsa took in the sight of the bustling marketplace. So many people so close to her, but none of them seemed to pay her any mind. Perhaps one or two glances at the rare platinum shade of her hair, but their interests moved on within seconds. It was disconcerting to be so casually dismissed. Usually, she was stared at with widened eyes either haunted by fear or clouded by hate. Elsa had to admit that the change was\'85agreeable.\
"See, nothing to worry about. Out here, you're completely ordinary," Anna said. With her lips set in a wonky grin she added, "In the best way."\
Elsa smiled. "What do you do out here?"\
"Just look at random stuff!" Anna took her hand again and led her towards the bustle. "There is 
\i always
\i0  something new here. Come on!"\
It was an eventful few hours.\
The Garden Market thronged with people clustered around the stands, and the cause was obvious in the air, the fragrant aroma of strawberries wafting from crate upon crate of the tender red fruit. Elsa overheard the locals saying it was a better season than usual despite the recent drought wreaking havoc on the wheat crop. It was apparently becoming a bit of a fad to serve strawberry.\
"Do you like strawberries?" Anna asked.\
"Dipped in chocolate," Elsa said, and Anna grinned.\
Walking into the Baker's Corner, they found the products of the fad: strawberry pie, strawberry parfait, strawberry funnel cake, all lined up on display in carts. Anna's eyes roved over the treats with such ravenous hunger that Elsa conceded and took one of the funnel cakes before realizing she had nothing to pay with. Anna needed to talk their way out of the mess \'97 infectious cheer so charming that Elsa had the fleeting thought that Anna could be very, very dangerous \'97 and pay the cart owner. It took a while for Elsa to wrap her mind around the fact that 
\i Anna 
\i0 possessed more common sense than she did.\
The Crafts Bazaar was full of stalls covered by awnings of every color, each space with wares put out on display. Anna ricocheted from one stall to the next, but Elsa took her time studying the merchandise while a plump stall-keeper picked at his nails. She sifted through a cart of trinkets and baubles, running her fingers over wood-carved statuettes and admiring the poems scribed on painted paper lanterns. All made of poorer material than she was used to now, but charming. It was all very foreign to her, but at the same time\'85not. She had been here before. She hardly remembered those times, but her parents had taken her here when she was young. Strangely enough, the thought didn't sting.\
"Something on your mind?" Anna asked, reappearing from behind and nearly making her jump. "Or if you see something you like, remember you have to pay for it\'97"\
"Please don't remind me," Elsa said, growing flustered when the shopkeeper perked up. She took Anna's hand and led them away from his watchful eye.\
At another table lay an assortment of weapons. Elsa stiffened at the sight, but she hastily relaxed her muscles when she realized they were only toys, steel replaced by smoothed wood painted grey. Anna snorted but made no mention of it, pulling Elsa over to the table. With a gleeful gleam in her eye, Anna perused the selection.\
"Awesome," Anna said, picking up a wooden shield and sword. "Don't I look like a knight?"\
"You're holding it wrong," Elsa said. She stepped behind Anna and reached around, adjusting her hand so it fell lower on the sword grip, away from the crossguard. "Relax your index, or you'll be inflexible."\
"O-Oh."\
"Don't bend your elbows too much or too little," Elsa continued, shifting Anna's arms. "Muscles on the upper arm should be relaxed, but tight on the lower arm."\
Anna squeaked.\
It took a moment for Elsa to realize she was making Anna flustered. Caught up in the moment and moving on instinct, she didn't notice how closely they were pressed together, or even the way her lips hovered centimeters away from the shell of Anna's ear. Elsa pulled away, clearing her throat.\
"Do you want me to show you how to use it properly?" Elsa asked.\
"Y-Yeah!" Anna handed the sword over, and Elsa took a moment to adjust to its weight and balance. It had been a long time since she used a sword, but the muscle memory never left. Elsa moved through a simple form, moving the sword up and around, then crouching and stabbing backward. She moved slowly, taking deep, calming breaths to prepare for what came next.\
In the next instant, she swept through a chaotic sequence. Her feet never once stopped moving, always pivoting and bringing her to a new spot as her sword slashed at invisible enemies. An unexperienced eye would only see a blur of grey as Elsa switched from standard to reverse grip, transitioning between stances and counters and flowing from offense to defense without pause. It had been 
\i too 
\i0 long. She'd forgotten the exhilaration of using a sword. Elsa threw the blade in the air, grabbed the hilt again in a reverse grip, and then stabbed it to the ground to finish the form.\
She was greeted by applause.\
Elsa had attracted a small crowd, the onlookers standing with awed expressions as they clapped at her performance. The stall-keeper looked pleased at the free advertising, and indeed many children were now asking their parents if they could buy a sword and where they could learn to fight like that. Not wanting to stay in the limelight, Elsa replaced the sword, took Anna's hand, and pushed out of the crowd.\
"So that was amazing," Anna breathed. "I almost forgot about those memories of you using a sword."\
"I don't use one often now," Elsa said. "I don't ever have to fight so directly."\
"Where did you learn all that?"\
"It was\'85" Elsa shrugged. "Gustaf taught me for a while, before I learned about his rebellion. After that, I self-studied."\
"\'85Oh."\
By now, they had escaped the throng encircling the toy-weapons store. Before Elsa could say more, they were approached by a little boy carrying a basket. Anna knelt down and smiled at the boy, who held out his basket and asked, "Umm, Miss? Would you like to buy a flower?" Elsa fought back a scoff when Anna squealed and pat him on the head.\
"Of course!" Anna rummaged about for some coins, leaving the boy and Elsa to stare at each other. She narrowed her eyes and he ducked his head, blushing so furiously that even the tips of his ears reddened. Elsa frowned and looked away. Anna had to poke the boy once or twice before he looked up.\
Taking the money with mumbled thanks, the boy scuffed his shoes on the road. After a moment he nodded to himself, looked towards Elsa again, and blurted, "I think you're really pretty!" Before either of them could react, he dashed away.\
Elsa turned to Anna for help, but the redhead had broken down into a fit of laughter. If it were possible, Elsa would have turned red. She pulled Anna aside onto the sidewalk, but she was still in hysterics and, desperate to calm her down, Elsa stuck a hand down the back of her cloak.\
"Cold!" Anna pulled free and hopped in place. Ice cubes dropped out of her cloak and she crushed them under her feet, rubbing the small of her back. "God, that was not cool. Or, well, 
\i really 
\i0 cool technically\'97"\
"You deserved that," Elsa said.\
"It was funny!" Anna said, grinning again. "Come on, you gotta admit that was cute. I bet that kid only walked up because he had a crush on you."\
Elsa pursed her lips and said nothing.\
"All right, I'm sorry for laughing! Here, I got this for you." Anna held out the flower she bought, and Elsa only then noticed the blue orchid still in her grasp. A beautiful thing, with unveined, unwrinkled periwinkle petals blossoming from a dark stem. Elsa stared at the flower, unblinking, and Anna straightened. "Did I do something\'97?"\
"No. It's beautiful," Elsa said, taking the flower. "It just reminded me of\'85"\
She wanted to say the word home. She was 
\i surprised 
\i0 that home was on the tip of her tongue, when that place had never been home at all. But that wasn't true, was it? Elsa remembered the flower garden tended to by her father, remembered the blue orchids grown by her mother. It had been home once. Before the nightmare began, Elsa had loved every moment spent in that household, had 
\i felt 
\i0 loved.\
"Oh. I'm sorry, I didn't realize\'85I didn't mean to\'85" Anna's whisper trailed off, and when she spoke again it was with an edge of surprise. "You miss them."\
It wasn't a question, and there was no use denying it when Anna could feel everything she felt, even when Elsa herself didn't recognize what emotion constituted the tightening in her chest, the dryness of her mouth. How strongly must she long for those days that Anna had experienced it too? Was there a way to quantify what she felt, label and categorize, or did she have to suffer the unknown? If that was what it meant to feel, Elsa wondered if being unfeeling was really so bad after all.\
"What do you want to\'85do?" Anna asked.\
"I-I don't know," Elsa said, and 
\i that 
\i0 was another surprise. She always knew exactly what it was that she was doing. She always stayed in control, because the alternative was to be lost and that was intolerable. Admitting that she didn't know brought a physical pang where her heart had once beaten. "Let's just head back. It's getting late."\
"Yeah, that sounds good. Pappa's probably waiting with dinner."\
"I'm fine, Anna. Don't worry," Elsa murmured. She took Anna's hand, feeling her squeeze back immediately. "I have you with me."\
"You always will," Anna said.\
Elsa nodded and led them back to the castle, but her mind never strayed far from the thought of her real home waiting for her to return.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Though the next few days were just a little awkward, Anna still counted them as a success.\
Dinner that first night had been excruciating, having to maintain conversation with a stony-faced Elsa and her obviously uncomfortable Pappa. In a display of admirable coordination, they had nonverbally agreed to sit on opposite ends of the table with Anna in between as a buffer. When Agdar inquired about why Elsa didn't eat anything, the queen only narrowed her eyes and Anna interjected with some excuse about them having had some of the market food.\
"Just maybe try a little bit?" Anna asked, shooting Elsa an urgent look and, for good measure, a kick under the table. "Uhh, how about the salad? Healthy."\
As directed, Elsa lifted some of the salad to her mouth and, after a short pause in which she eyed both the greens and Agdar as though expecting either one to explode, finally ate. "It's very good," Elsa said.\
"That's good to hear," Agdar said, and then the dinner table was once again beset by silence.\
It took every ounce of willpower Anna possessed to not hide her face and groan into her hands.\
On the upside, the rest of the time was enjoyable.\
Anna reserved part of each day to have some private time with her father. During that time they would talk about anything, from mundane subjects like how long the strawberry fad would last, to more serious topics like her experiences in the Southern Isles \'97 Pappa had a rather keen interest in Elsa, and Anna was happy to tell him more. Elsa had taken to scouring the library while she spent time with Agdar, but once she was done, they would either leave to walk around town or stay in and explore the castle.\
On the second day, Anna had given Elsa a tour of the castle. Not one of those stuffy formal tours about where the stone was imported from; Anna showed Elsa all the best escape routes for disappearing with stolen chocolate, and introduced her to the myriad of paintings.\
"You spent how much time talking to a painting?"\
"Don't judge me," Anna grumbled, patting the frame to Joan's painting.\
After that they traveled all around, from the ballroom that no one used to the stables that held horses rather than reindeer. Anna acted offended when Elsa was surprised she could ride, but it was mostly an attempt to avoid any questions; Elsa thankfully changed the subject, and Anna was spared from having to admit the number of times she had fallen before managing anything faster than a walk.\
Dinner was more comfortable that night. While they never exchanged more than two words while Anna wasn't present, Elsa and Agdar were cordial enough that the atmosphere was never as awkward as the first night. Bouncing back and forth between them had been tiring, but it helped when Anna figured out they had a shared interest in seafaring, so they were 
\i both 
\i0 contributing to conversation at the same time.\
And then the next day, they went out again.\
It was strange to realize she could freely come and go. Pappa used to never let her go out, but now he actually encouraged her to spend more time with Elsa; Anna figured he had the same thought as she once did, that being exposed to more of Arendelle might persuade her to be lenient. Some part of her was cheered by the thought that maybe it meant Pappa could accept Elsa.\
Just as Elsa had come to accept Arendelle.\
As Anna had promised, there were new sights every day; Arendelle was always bustling with activity, but aside from the usual market wares and performers, the next few days were particularly busy in preparation for an upcoming event. It was on one particular expedition that Anna realized just how much Elsa was enjoying this vacation.\
"If we had come a little later, we would've made Yuletide," Anna said, watching as a team of workmen unpacked a crate of reindeer ornaments.\
"I'll need to go back to manage the kingdom, but\'85we could come again in a few months," Elsa said, and Anna swore she heard a hint of excitement in her voice. When she grinned, Elsa looked away.\
"It's a promise then! We'll spend Yuletide together, here." Anna could imagine it already, the roads lit up by candles and paper lanterns, festivities at full swing. For now, though, they had fun sharing the rare normalcy.\
Time passed.\
All was well.\
But one thing continued to pull at her mind, and Anna couldn't shove the thought aside because every now and then, when nothing was happening and Elsa thought she wasn't watching, the queen would stare off into nothing. Anna knew what she was thinking about.\
Home.\
Its pull was so strong and Elsa's suppression so tenacious that Anna could feel the reliquary throb. Every day the pull grew stronger, until the last day before they were set to depart back to the Southern Isles, Elsa was so distracted that Anna knew she had to speak up.\
"We can go," Anna said. Elsa looked surprised for a moment, but neither of them needed explanation. Anna laid a hand on her shoulder. "Or if you want to go alone, I can wait for you\'97"\
"No. It's not\'85I don't want to be alone." Elsa closed her eyes and was silent for a long while, and as much as Anna wanted to know what she was thinking, she stayed quiet too. She probably 
\i could 
\i0 feel an impression of Elsa's thoughts, but Elsa had to decide on her own. If Elsa didn't want to face the past, it wasn't Anna's place to force her. At last, Elsa opened her eyes. "Will you stay with me, Anna?"\
She didn't need to ask.\
"Of course," Anna said. "I'll stay as long as you want me."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Everything was barren.\
It had taken a lot to muster the strength to come here. Elsa had tried to tell herself she would find no answers, no resolution, no great revelation from seeing the place of her death and rebirth. Elsa had died here to give way to the Queen. But for some reason, every time she thought she made up her mind, she would begin to reconsider. Even just telling herself it was to prove her past could not affect her anymore, Elsa knew she 
\i did 
\i0 want to return.\
And now that she did\'85\
Elsa wasn't sure what she had been expecting, but seeing her old home decrepit was an affront. But, of course, she had wrought all of this damage. She had no one to blame. At her side, Anna muffled a gasp. Where once stood a house was now only a pile of rubble and torn wood planks, splintered a thousand ways, strewn across the ground. Elsa had buried the memories so deep she remembered that day only as a haze of half-forgotten sensations. She remembered the heat of flames upon her hand. She remembered her fear building to a crescendo.\
And then\'85\
"I killed them, Anna." Elsa strode closer and knelt amongst the ruins. Maybe it was a memory, but she could smell the copper tang of blood. Either way, it wasn't imagination that made her see stains splattered across the wreckage. "I killed them both."\
"You had to. You were protecting yourself," Anna said.\
Elsa didn't reply. Some combination of superstition and pragmatism had left this place desecrated. They had lived on the outskirts of the outskirts, the land cheap and the inhabitants sparse. She doubted anyone cared enough to even investigate what happened, and even their far off neighbors would have been unwilling to stay here after the gruesome murder.\
"People are so intolerant," Elsa murmured. She thumbed a piece of charred wood. She hadn't realized she released electricity back then.\
"Not everyone," Anna said.\
"Not everyone," Elsa agreed. "Everyone else thinks my powers are a curse, something to be hidden away, and feared. Except you."\
"I didn't mean me," Anna said. She knelt down beside her but Elsa saw out the corner of her eye, her attention remaining fixated on the wreckage. "Out of the whole world, I'm not the only exception."\
"Markus," Elsa said, and the answer came as easily as breathing. For most of her life, Markus had been the one constant. Before Anna, she only had him. "I don't know where or who I would be right now if he hadn't found me."\
"I-I didn't mean him either."\
Elsa turned to see Anna looking down at her hands and wringing them together without explanation. She waited. Eventually Anna raised her head, biting her lip but so certain, so 
\i right
\i0 , that Elsa almost feared what she would say next.\
"I didn't want to bring this up, but Elsa\'85Markus was wrong." Anna reached out and took her hand. "All he did was make you into a weapon, and you're so much more than that."\
"Markus gave me a purpose," Elsa said.\
"No!" Elsa looked down. Anna's grip on her hand had tightened. "What he did was tell you what to do. You're more than that, Elsa. Your purpose is more than, what, being his weapon?"\
"It's not like that. Markus taught me how to protect myself," Elsa said. Of course, Anna didn't understand. But that was fine. She would. "Power is the only thing that protects me from the world. It's hateful, Anna. Life itself destroys everything. Power is what I needed. Now I can't be hurt."\
"But you're so busy protecting yourself that you've lost everything else important," Anna said. "Don't you get it? Maybe living life will get you hurt, but that's just\'85part of the whole. You didn't want to get hurt again so you didn't let yourself feel anything, and that's just\'85not right."\
"Why isn't that right?" Elsa asked. She rose and dragged a hand through her hair, turning on her heel so she looked away from the wreckage. What was it about protecting herself that everyone, Anna and the trolls, thought was so wrong? "Markus taught me to forget the pain, and he was right. It hinders me."\
"But pain is part of you," Anna said.\
"Weakness," Elsa said. She spun back around and could see the child she was, the way she mourned for her happiness, for the past love of her family. She couldn't do anything but build snowmen. She was helpless. "Why does that have to be part of me?"\
Anna stood, looking into her eyes the whole time. "There's no 
\i why
\i0  about it. You can't just throw away parts of yourself and think you can keep the rest. You're not happy either when you block everything out. You have to know this, Elsa. Isn't that why you said you want to feel again?"\
"Because of you," Elsa said. "I want to be like you. I want to feel like you, I want to love and I want to be happy. I don't want to be\'85me."\
"I'm not perfect," Anna said. She walked toward her, slowly, but Elsa did nothing more than watch her approach. When they were close, Anna reached out and cradled her head. Elsa leaned forward and touched their foreheads together.\
"You're perfect to me," Elsa whispered.\
Anna smiled. "I'm not. I'm so far from perfect, I have no idea why you'd ever call me that. I'm clumsy, and I don't mean bumping into things, I mean\'85I try to do the right thing, and most the time, I just make things worse. Like\'85 with you. I don't know how to help you, Elsa. But I'll keep trying. So you have to keep trying. Please don't give up on yourself."\
"I can't promise you that, Anna. I can't be her anymore." Elsa looked over Anna's shoulder to her old home, and her lips pulled into a small smile. "I can't be that girl who dreamed of snowmen."\
Anna pulled back, grasping her arms and countering her wry smile with a genuine one. "She never left. She's still a part of you, and I'm going to prove it."\
"How\'97?"\
"Do you want to build a snowman?"\
Elsa stilled. Neither of them had forgotten the disastrous results of her last attempt, but Anna was still smiling, still looking at her with complete and utter confidence. It had been thirteen years since she truly built a snowman. Stumpy and silly, only the unpolished work of the child she had been, but she still remembered how much she valued that snowman. It had been the replacement for love lost from her family. It \'97 
\i He \'97 
\i0 had been her only companion. Here where they were standing now, the garden of her old home, she had built him.\

\i Yes, I want to build a snowman.
\i0 \
Slowly, instinctively, Elsa stretched out her hand and willed forth her magic, not the tempest she so often called but the gentler part of herself she had denied for so long. Cold and winter air combined in the center of her palm, compacting into a sphere of snow. She looked across at Anna and the redhead inclined her head in the smallest of nods. Elsa summoned up her courage and launched the ball upward. It wasn't a storm that erupted. Gentle snow drifted down like powder, feather-light against their skin.\
Not often did Elsa witness the beauty of her own magic. Awe-inspiring, yes, to summon an avalanche of snow or a cascade of icicles, to split the seas and darken the skies. But there was nothing beautiful that could be found there. Not when the roaring of her fears drowned out the sound of snow song. Not when the haze of her rage beset her vision and masked any elegance to be found in her powers. None of that was magic, just death and destruction; but this \'97 watching the snowflakes fall to earth and settle in a pure plain of white \'97 this was art. Even the destruction of their surroundings didn't detract.\
Elsa reached out and caught a snowflake in her palm, feeling it whisper against her skin before the wind carried it away.\
Anna smiled. "Let's get started."\
While Anna bent down and packed a ball of snow together, Elsa made a careful motion of her hand. She hardly dared to move an inch, and didn't really wave her hand at all, only shifted her fingers. At her feet, the snow drifted up in a lazy spiral and floated back down. Elsa looked toward Anna again, who smiled but said nothing, continuing to smooth down her snowball.\
Logically, she knew she should be able to do this. She had regained enough control to manipulate a wave of snow into a board and ride through town, could create her dress of ice without difficulty. But the thought of forming a snowman paralyzed her. It wasn't that stacking three snowballs together was hard. It was the memory of the past that the snowman embodied \'97 of her weakness, of her vulnerability \'97 and she had tried so hard to repress every facet of that memory within herself.\
"I'm not sure I can do this," Elsa murmured.\
"I know you can," Anna said.\
"I don't know how."\
"Sure you do, you just don't remember yet." Anna rolled the snowball to her feet, and Elsa watched as it accumulated enough snow to form a sphere large enough for a base. "But we can do this together."\
Just as Elsa had reached around Anna to demonstrate swordsmanship, Anna now reached around her waist and placed her hands over hers. Elsa had always found the cold familiar, safe, but never anything\'85 more. Not like Anna's warmth. Sometimes Elsa feared the warmth would burn her, but the gentle glow was every bit as soothing as it was unfamiliar. It used to be like this, Elsa remembered. She had never found her magic to be\'85cold. Not as she so often did now. It used to leave her warm and satisfied. Anna reminded her of that.\
"Together," Elsa said.\
Their linked hands glowed blue and, together, they reached out.\

\i Yes, I want to build a snowman.
\i0 \
Snowflakes swirled all around in a controlled flurry above Anna's snowball. Elsa conducted and sculpted the snow, guided by the warmth of Anna's hand resting on hers, and the light in their hands glowed once in a bright flash before fading away. Before their eyes, the snow began to take a recognizable shape, three spheres, the top elongated into a head. Wood from Elsa's home sheared into twigs and attached to the center sphere, one on either side, and then atop the uppermost in the semblance of hair. Charred coal from lightning-struck remains shaped into buttons and fixed themselves onto the body.\
And then the snowman was finished.\
For a very long moment, Elsa didn't dare to believe her eyes. Sitting there in front of her was the same diminutive snowman she had built as a little girl. His legs were stumpy and his body too short, all of his imperfections exactly as she remembered, but this was him. Elsa forgot to breathe at the sight. Seeing him again now, still the same when she had changed so much\'85\
"What's his name?" Anna asked, and Elsa finally realized.\
She had really done it.\
Elsa walked over and knelt down behind her creation, tilting its arms up towards Anna. "Hi, I'm Olaf! And I like warm hugs." Anna let out a loud laugh of delight and rushed over, hugging both the snowman and Elsa, and such of surge of happiness rose arose in her chest that Elsa had to laugh aloud.\
"I did it," Elsa whispered. "Thank you, Anna."\
Anna grinned. "It was all you."\
Elsa was just about to answer when Anna pulled away and rose to her feet, wrapping her cloak closer around herself and rubbing her arms. "Are you all right?" Elsa asked.\
"Yeah! Just got cold all of a sudden." Anna breathed into her hands, hopping from one foot to the next. "Weird, I didn't feel cold before."\
"We should go back," Elsa said.\
"What about Olaf?"\
Elsa turned around and smiled at the immobile snowman. "I don't think he'll mind staying here. It'll be warmer at the castle."\
"Wouldn't want him to melt," Anna said.\
Elsa led Anna back to the castle, leaving Olaf behind them.\
Neither of them noticed the color returning in Anna's strand of white hair.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 36: A Dream That Must End
\b0 \
It'd been so long since she last felt cold that, for a moment, Anna couldn't name the sensation.\
Most people became accustomed enough to the feeling of cold that the individual aspects of 
\i being 
\i0 cold were lost on them; Anna had certainly never before taken time to analyze what it meant to be cold, but after such a long time of feeling comfortable while inundated by winter chill, her sudden susceptibility made all the symptoms startlingly clear. Anna felt almost like she was discovering a new sense. It was like her body was falling asleep. Being touched by cold felt a little like being pinched, a hurt that was strange, not painful enough to elicit a cry but enough to make her flinch away.\
"Are you sure you're all right?" Elsa asked.\
"It's sorta weird feeling cold," Anna admitted. "But I'm all right! It's not like being a bit cold will kill me. Besides, the weather here is normal. I'm warming up!"\
Having moved away from the snow plain Elsa had created around her old home, Anna was feeling much more revived. With the warmth of the sun on her skin, the goosebumps on her arm had gone away and the feeling of drowsiness faded back into awareness. Now she only wondered why the sudden change had taken place. One moment she felt at ease in the cold, and the next she became so aware of it.\
And something just seemed missing now.\
Anna couldn't name exactly what, but there was an unfamiliar quiet where once existed more. It was rather like waking up and forgetting a vivid dream that, only moments prior, she could recall with perfect clarity. She said nothing about it to avoid worrying Elsa further, but Anna herself didn't feel anything wrong per se. Different, but not even a bad different.\
"As long as you're sure that you're fine," Elsa said.\
"Really," Anna said, but her trademark smile didn't seem to reassure Elsa. She was still frowning and, Anna thought, looking put out in a rather adorable sort of way. It wasn't every day she got to see Elsa with cheeks puffed out. "You're more worried than me!"\
"It's just\'85" Elsa trailed off and walked faster without any warning, blurting out her next words while she was ahead so Anna couldn't see her face. "If the cold bothers you now, then do I also\'85?"\
Anna pulled on Elsa's arm and spun her around, pulling her closer in one smooth motion so that their faces were only inches apart. She laughed at how befuddled Elsa looked with her eyebrows screwed together and mouth ajar. It was hard 
\i not 
\i0 to kiss her, and Anna gave in to the impulse, pressing her lips against the blonde's jaw while still muffling her laughter.\
"We're obviously fine," Anna said.\
"Well," Elsa breathed, "I'm glad."\
Save for the night of their arrival, they had acted like ordinary friends \'97 or as ordinary as they could be, given the circumstance of their meeting \'97 for the entire duration of their time in Arendelle. Once she kissed her, Anna had the vague realization this was the only time she had really been at all intimate with Elsa. And she had 
\i missed 
\i0 this, so much. Elsa likely had the same thought. She bent down and gave Anna a soft kiss, one that was not urgent but had no lack of intensity, one meant to draw out their time and enjoy her presence. Anna deepened the kiss, lips parting to give Elsa entrance while she pulled the queen closer. It all ended too soon. Elsa pulled away long before Anna was willing to let go.\
"We'll have as much time as we want once we get back," Elsa said.\
"Oh. Yeah. I almost forgot about that, but today's the last day, huh?" On the hill where they stood, they were on high enough ground that nearly all of Arendelle was visible. Anna could trace the path she had taken from the castle to the docks on the day she left for the Southern Isles.\
Elsa searched her face, and try as Anna might to keep her expression natural, she knew Elsa was much too familiar with her smile to not notice this one was forced. "You don't have to pretend, Anna. I understand you'll miss home."\
"It's not\'85I mean, I will, but I don't feel bad about leaving," Anna said. "I want to be where you are. Besides, we'll come back, right?"\
"...Yes. If that's what you want," Elsa said. She gestured toward the path back to the town proper, where already the bustle was dying down. Night was fast falling, and before long, even the candlelight would be extinguished. "Let's head back."\
It was a short walk, but it still gave Anna time to think. She drew her cloak closer to fight off the night chill, wondering if she ought to tell her father about her relationship with Elsa. It had been easy to think telling him before she left was a better alternative to telling him at the beginning, but ending their brief reunion on a bad note now seemed just as undesirable. Maybe this was why secrets were so often hidden, Anna thought. It wasn't that people 
\i wanted 
\i0 to keep secrets. It was hard to find the right time to divulge them. Or, really, it was hard to find the courage.\
Before she knew it, they had passed through town and the castle gates loomed over her head. Guards were posted at the entrance, which wasn't an unusual occurrence. What 
\i did 
\i0 seem strange was their number; Arendelle Castle had never needed many guards, and the few they employed were there mostly for appearances. Now Anna looked up and saw armored sentries patrolling the walls, bearing longbows and grim expressions.\
Once they'd gone through the gates, Elsa murmured, "Don't they seem tense?"\
"Maybe there's a training exercise going on," Anna said.\
Elsa didn't reply, but nothing else seemed out of the ordinary. When they pushed open the doors they were greeted by Gerda, who greeted Elsa with her usual half-nervous, half-unpracticed curtsey and Anna with much more enthusiasm.\
"Dinner should be ready soon," Gerda said, eyeing Anna's outfit with disapproval. "We'll go get you ready, dear. As for Queen Elsa\'85"\
Anna rolled her eyes when Elsa pulled off her cloak and handed it to Gerda without a second thought, waving her hand over her dress so that ice melded over the fabric and formed her usual attire. "Go ahead, Anna," Elsa said.\
"Right, way to be flashy," Anna grumbled. She struggled to wrench her cloak off, scattering her hair in a hundred directions while Elsa looked immaculate as always. "I'll be right back! Meet you in the dining room."\
She followed Gerda up the stairs, her rotund caretaker ascending with more haste than was her norm; Anna skipped steps and kept up easily, but Gerda usually took her time with the stairs owing to rheumatic pain in her back. Once they reached the second floor, Gerda walked behind her, hurrying her along, and Anna obeyed with some bemusement.\
"What's the rush?" Anna asked. "Please don't tell me Pappa has some sort of surprise planned. I mean, 
\i I'm 
\i0 fine with surprises, but sometimes Elsa has this paranoid thing\'97"\
"It'll be fine," Gerda said, pushing open the door to her room, and gesturing with wide waves of her arm for Anna to enter.\
"No, really. She overreacts, I thought that poor duckling was going to get it-"\
Once Anna stepped across the threshold to her room, Gerda slammed the door shut.\
She whirled around, but the protest on her tongue gave way to dread when she heard the lock turn. Anna reached out for the knob, slowly, and gave it a tentative twist. When it didn't budge, her motions became more frantic. Anna turned the knob again and again, began to shake the thing until it rattled, and even banged on the door with her free hand, but it never opened.\
"Gerda!" Anna shouted. She could still hear the woman's breathing on the other side, but she didn't say anything. "Gerda! What's going on? Let me out!"\
"It's for the best, Anna! You'll be safe in your room until this all blows over\'97"\
"Until 
\i what 
\i0 blows over?" Anna demanded, but from the moment Gerda locked her inside, she had known. It was a dread that settled at the base of her stomach, a dryness in her mouth. Panic curled around her heart when she heard footstep leaving. "Hey! Gerda! Listen to me!"\
But she was alone and she knew it. Anna banged on the door one last, futile time, but her strength had left her and she made no sound that would even penetrate the wooden surface. Anna slid down to her knees, breaths harshening. She had to get out of here. She had to get back to Elsa.\
She cast her gaze around her room, searching for anything that might help her escape. If only she'd learned how to pick locks! Now she regretted never asking Alek to teach her. Nothing she could carry would be enough to barge down the door. Anna slammed her shoulder against the door, again and again, feeling her flesh bruise but never faltering until, finally, the pain forced her to stop. Nothing. If that exit wouldn't work, then-\
Anna spun around towards her windows, but one glance at them and her hope died. While she was out, her windows had been boarded with steel plates nailed down to the wall, leaving only thin slits of the clear pane for the barest of light to filter through. It wasn't a big enough gap for Anna to climb through. Even if she had the proper tools to pry the plates off, she doubted she had the strength.\
She was trapped within four corners with no way out.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa seated herself across from Agdar at the dinner table.\
It was ritual for them to sit like this, but without Anna's presence, their positioning struck Elsa as confrontational. Much the same as their encounter during her siege of Arendelle, Elsa had taken Agdar's seat, the one at the front of the table, while he had been relegated to the other end. It was trapping, in a way. Neither of them could look at much else than each other. Elsa could redirect her gaze towards the door on the wall behind Agdar, but that would appear too weak.\
"Today will be the last day I require your hospitality," Elsa said.\
"Yes," Agdar agreed. Adjusting his collar and pulling it forward as though he weren't getting enough air, he looked more flustered than Elsa had seen him yet. Although he had never grown comfortable in her presence, he had certainly still been poised. "I hope you enjoyed your time in Arendelle, Queen Elsa."\
"It was...enlightening."\
She 
\i had 
\i0 learned much from this excursion. Not just the trolls and where the Mirror piece was hidden, but about herself. Visiting her old home had turned out to be more beneficial than she could have ever expected. Elsa could feel the difference in her power. It had always raged beneath her skin before, always been repressed under explosive pressure that threatened to erupt at any moment and destroy everything in her path. Now her magic had calmed. It was like a current running through her veins, all blockage excised to leave the best of herself.\
"I'm glad," Agdar said, and he cleared his throat as though to continue. His verbosity surprised her. It was possible that this was the longest conversation they had ever shared. "I've spoken to Anna, and I wish to thank you for taking good care of her."\
"...Of course. Anna is just as important to me as she is to you," Elsa said.\
"You don't understand. Anna...I worried for her. Ever since her mother died, I've done everything I could to protect her. But I couldn't stop her from sacrificing herself." Agdar looked down at his hands, eyes closing as though the weight of his responsibility forced them shut.\
"I've told you that you underestimate her."\
"Yes. I recognize that now." Agdar opened his eyes. "I was wrong to think she was a sacrifice. Anna made a choice. She's much stronger than I was willing to admit."\
"In that case, you'll have no problem with me taking her back with me," Elsa said. "I don't offer assurances, but just this once, because you are her father - Anna will be safe."\
"...Indeed." Agdar smiled and gestured to the lavish meal. "While we wait for Anna, feel free to eat. We aren't as bound to formality as you might expect."\
"From what I've seen of Anna, I never expected that." It took every ounce of effort to repress a smile, but she did still have to maintain appearances in front of Agdar. Elsa shook her head. "But I can wait. Go ahead if that's what you wish."\
"Perhaps something to drink?"\
"Water will be fine."\
Elsa might not have accepted, except Arendelle Castle held more braziers and furnaces than was comfortable, and the hot, dry air parched her throat. At her request, Agdar picked up the pitcher and reached across the table to fill her glass; Elsa inclined her head in thanks and lifted the drink to her lips. Over the rim of the glass, she saw Agdar watching her every move. Doubtless he was still suspicious of her intentions. Before Elsa drank, she lowered the glass to the table.\
"If you're worried about Anna, there's really no need," Elsa said. "I wish only the best for her. If there is anything I might say or do to assuage your concerns\'85"\
"Excuse my bluntness, but no, I don't there exists any such comfort," Agdar said, lips turning into a tight smile that creased the lines of his mouth. "It's difficult for a parent not to worry."\
Elsa frowned. "Isn't that contradictory to what you just said about her being strong?"\
"If we're to speak of contradictions, Queen Elsa, I think you know more than anyone," Agdar said. Though he raised his glass in toast, his smile fell. "If you did wish the best for Anna, you should know that being here, in her home and with her family, is what's best. Not being forced to leave her life."\
Elsa gripped the base of her glass. "I'm not forcing her to do anything."\
Agdar offered no comment. Elsa lifted her drink again and threw it back, letting the cold water soothe the sting of his words. When she placed the glass down, Agdar stood from his seat and refilled it without prompting. Elsa glared across the table, but Agdar, after reseating himself, kept silent.\
"Well?" Elsa demanded.\
"If that's what you believe," Agdar said.\
"You have no idea how little you know." Elsa looked away, trying to control her anger. She had no need to endear herself to the man, but he was still Anna's father. Anyone else would have been silenced already, but she could afford him some leeway. "It doesn't matter. We'll be gone tomorrow."\
Elsa took another drink, wondering why it was taking so long for Anna to arrive.\
"Tomorrow. Yes." Agdar rose and paced the length of the dining room, the heels of his boots clicking against the polished floor with a distinctive, paced rhythm. "All of this will be over by tomorrow."\
"You don't seem sad to see her go."\
"I won't need to."\
Elsa watched him, confused; Agdar's figure was blurring before her eyes. And then she realized it wasn't him. All the room began to spin, as though earth and sky had been reversed, and when she tried to stand, her legs buckled. She stumbled, hand slamming onto the edge of the table to keep balance, and all the plates rattled with the force of her fall.\
"How\'85?" Elsa shook her head, but her vision only blurred further. It should be impossible to poison her, not while her magic constantly repaired the damage. Even the medications for her headaches were at a dosage strong enough to kill a score of men.\
"I'm sorry, Elsa," Agdar said. It was infuriating that he had the gall to sound genuinely regretful. Elsa wished nothing more than to fly across the room and strangle him. "I wish it didn't have to be this way."\
"If you think this is enough, you are sorely mistaken," Elsa said, biting out her words even as her body shook with both pain and fury. "If poison could kill me, I would have died a thousand times by now."\
"Of course. I am well aware."\
At the sound of marching footsteps, Elsa whipped her head towards the doors. Soldiers poured into the dining room from both entrances, but rather than swords or spears, they carried in their hands burlap sacks. Elsa couldn't find the strength to move her leaden limbs while they overturned the bags and scattered white crystals through the room. It didn't take long to realize what they were. Elsa could smell the sea salt like an acrid burn.\
"\'85Clever," Elsa muttered. It would be hard enough to utilize magic while her senses were muddled, but with the salt countering her efforts, attempts at ice magic would likely be futile. Salt even served as protection against her lightning, since it didn't conduct electricity. It was perfect. Too perfect. "And not something you could have come up with on your own, I think. How long have you been planning this?"\
"Anna told me about your weaknesses long before you arrived," Agdar said.\
Elsa tightened her grip on the table until the wood creaked under the pressure and her fingers felt like they would break. "You're lying. Anna would never\'97"\
"Anna's loyalties have always been with her home." Agdar scrutinized her face, his own features drawn together with confusion. "Elsa. I acknowledge that you do, for whatever reason, care for Anna. But for your crimes against the kingdom of Arendelle and countless others, I sentence you to death."\
Thirty soldiers crowded into the dining room, each one outfitted in steel plate armor from head to toe, equipped with sword or spear. And there she stood alone, unarmed, poisoned, limited in the use of her magic. Elsa threw back her head and laughed. Every movement sent a fresh spasm of pain wracking through her body, but she laughed and laughed until the sound reverberated through the room.\
"You really think I'm helpless without magic." Elsa looked from one soldier to the next, noting the too-tight grips on their weapons and the deep breathing that almost rattled their armor. Trepidation bled from their every move. From behind his soldiers, Agdar stared unblinkingly with his confidence shaken.\
"Don't make this harder for yourself," Agdar said.\
"Worry about yourself."\
Elsa ducked under the table just as a spear shot past where her head had been, and pushed off the ground on her fingertips to speed towards the first line of soldiers. Only one of them reacted in time and swung his sword down for her neck; Elsa evaded the blade and trapped his arm between her own. With one twist, she snapped it at the elbow and, ignoring his muffled scream, stole the blade in his hand.\
Elsa cut across his neck and moved on to the next target before his body even began to fall.\
As she moved, ice crept down the length of the sword and remolded it into a more preferable shape. What used to be a broadsword was pared down into a thinner longsword, the hilt curving into a more intricate, winged design. Elsa sidestepped a spear lunge and swung upwards to slice through the shaft, and snatched up the bladed tip to fling it through another soldier's breastplate.\
Elsa had been trained to fight against groups. She knew to keep moving, to stay aware of her enemies, to position herself where she would not be trapped; but she always had use of her magic before. Elsa thrust her sword into the gaps of a chair's seatback, slinging it towards the crowd for some breathing space. It didn't last long. Only a second passed before they were on her again.\
She didn't have time for them. She needed to get to Anna.\
Snarl ripping from her throat, Elsa shoved against the crowd of soldiers and pushed through. Swinging her sword in wide, sweeping slashes, she tried to clear a path to the doors. It was inefficient. It was stupid. She 
\i knew
\i0  that, but just when she began to hope the element of surprise would bear her through, two broadswords crashed down. Elsa blocked both blows at once, and only the strength of her ice kept her sword intact. Her entire arm shook from the impact, vibrations rippling up to her shoulder and even jarring her skull. Physical strength wasn't her forte. Elsa flung herself away, throwing all her weight back and sliding her blade out from under the broadswords.\
She stumbled.\
All at once, the tide turned. She still managed to weave through the soldiers' ranks, still dodged every attack, but the poison's toll became more apparent with every step. Her reflexes were dulled, and her blurring vision nearly proved fatal when she narrowly avoided a sword aimed at her blind-spot. Sensing her weakness, the soldiers found their rhythm at last and concentrated their efforts, utilizing the heightened range of their spears to keep her at bay and off-balance. Elsa leapt backwards and lurched away from the multitude of spear strikes aimed for her feet.\
"Please, Elsa. Just surrender."\
"Save your kind words," Elsa hissed. While the spearmen occupied her attention, the rest of the soldiers had formed a ring around her. She was cornered against the back wall. "You want me dead, and you expect me to surrender?"\
"It's not too late," Agdar said.\
"Oh?" Despite Agdar's words, his men were already readying their bows, arrows nocked and bowstrings drawn tight. Elsa backed up to keep them all in view, but unless she pressed herself against the wall, that was an impossible task. Not even the smallest gap existed in their line either, no avenue of escape.\
"If you surrender, I can spare your life," Agdar continued. "You would only be imprisoned. We would need to neutralize your magic somehow, but\'97"\
"How do you intend to do that? Will you cut off my hands?" Elsa laughed when Agdar's mouth snapped shut. "It's not that easy. Magic doesn't come from the hands, Agdar, but from\'85"\
Elsa paused. She had almost pointed to her chest, her heart.\
"Elsa, I will only tell you once more. Surrender, and you will not be killed. All you must do is relinquish your sorcery."\
"I would see everyone here dead before that happens," Elsa snarled. Always the same. Always her magic was seen as something to be reviled, something wicked. She looked from one soldier to the next, and even through their visors she could see the hate in their eyes. But fear, also, and they were right to fear. She was 
\i better 
\i0 than them. "You are all weak, disgusting 
\i cowards
\i0 , and I've killed enough of you to know that you are worth nothing, and I will raze this place to the ground until nothing is left\'97"\
She saw a glint of iron out the corner of her eye, and twisted out of the way.\
"Hold your fire!" Agdar shouted. When the last echoes of his command faded, the room fell silent.\
Elsa turned back to see an arrow embedded into the wall, and for a moment she believed it had passed harmlessly; and then she saw its tip had been drenched with crimson. She looked down and saw the torn material of her dress, the deep gash torn into her side. It was such a foreign sensation. When she pressed her hand to the wound and saw blood spill onto her fingers, she felt the pain at last. But it was a good pain. She was still alive. All at once her blurring vision cleared, her senses flared to life, and the pain that lanced through her side reminded her just what it meant to 
\i be 
\i0 Queen Elsa.\
Elsa dashed forward and slammed her palm against one soldier's chest.\
Ice skewered through his body, punching through armor, skin, and flesh to emerge out the other side. It was as visceral as if she had done it herself, driven her own hands through his chest and flayed it open. A gargled scream escaped his lips and his blood splattered the right side of her face; Elsa barely gave pause and flung his body towards another man, the icicle still embedded in his body, and impaled both of them upon the same spike. She could feel thick blood drip down her fingers just as it slid off her ice.\
Panicked shouts came from all sides as the soldiers scattered. One fell in the chaos. She approached. When he scrambled to his feet and swung at her in a desperate attack, Elsa seized his wrist with her offhand. Before he could react, she brought her own blade down onto his undefended shoulder. The razor edge of her ice-sharpened sword slipped in between the shoulder guard and the neck-guard of her enemy's armor, sinking through chainmail and severing the arm cleanly at the joint.\
She paid him no heed when the soldier reeled back, torso spraying blood from severed arteries, screaming in pain and shock. Instead Elsa watched as the rest surrounded Agdar, forming a shield around him with their own bodies. Admirable loyalty.\
She would reward them with death.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna was sitting in silent vigil next to her door when she heard an odd giggle outside.\
"Hey!" Hands long since bruised but hope renewed, Anna pushed off the floor and banged on the door once more. "Is someone out there?"\
"One second! I'm having \'97 some trouble \'97 reaching \'97 doors are so high up off the ground, whoa, must be a whole new world up there."\
It wasn't quite the voice of a child that answered her, though it was suffused with the innocent wonder befitting one. It was a voice full of inflection. Not one burdened by life until its intricacies were snuffed out, but one that still freely expressed joys, as though its owner had never once been disappointed.\
Hearing the lock click open, Anna took a step back and waited for her rescuer to show himself. When the door swung open\'85\
Anna nearly fainted on the spot. Instead, she screamed and kicked at the strange creature that had freed her, hitting the doorknob instead when he ducked under her leg.\
"Whoa! Close one."\
Clutching her foot and hopping in place until the sting wore off, Anna had the opportunity to take a closer look at\'85him. At least he didn't seem to mind the scrutiny. Instead, he nodded encouragingly until Anna found the courage to speak, and even then it felt so surreal she couldn't be sure she wasn't having a chocolate-induced dream.\
"Y-You're a snowman," Anna said. And so he was. Nothing else he could be, with a body made out of snowballs and his single arm nothing but a stick. Large eyes blinked at her so earnestly that she felt guilty for attacking. Strangely, aside from walking and talking, he perfectly resembled another snowman she had seen only hours ago. "Are you even real?"\
"All right, let's start this thing over." Stretching out his arm \'97 Anna wondered where the other one had gone \'97 the snowman said, "Hi, I'm Olaf, and I like warm hugs!"\
Anna gaped. No wonder he looked familiar. "Are you the Olaf we made?"\
Olaf peered up and grinned. "Uh-huh! And you are\'85?"\
"Umm, Anna."\
"Oh, that's a weird name," Olaf said. Anna was starting to feel much less charitable when he added, "Can I just call you Anna? That's really, really pretty, but the 
\i Umm 
\i0 part makes it all blurgh."\
"Uhh, yeah. Sorry, I meant Anna. Just call me Anna."\
She watched, hardly daring to believe her eyes, as Olaf nodded and backtracked to the door to retrieve his second arm stuck in the keyhole; Anna assumed that was how he picked the lock. Olaf plopped the twig back into his body, and the arm was suddenly functional again. After giving his reattached arm an experimental flex and seemingly satisfied at its dexterity \'97 Anna had no idea how the wood bent and straightened like it had an actual elbow \'97 Olaf grinned at her again.\
"I'm kidding, I remember! Anna! You're the one that Elsa likes so much." Olaf rubbed his chin. "Well, I gotta say that I liked being with you. It was warm. Like summer!"\
"Elsa!" Anna had been bursting with questions for Olaf, how he had found her, how he was alive, but at the mention of Elsa, all her questions were forgotten. "Do you know what's going on? Where's Elsa?"\
"Oh\'85" Olaf trailed off and slumped over, having lost his smile. "I'm not seeing a whole lot, but none of it looks good. All I'm getting from her is\'85you know, same old: fear, pain, anger."\
Anna felt her stomach plummet at the thought that Elsa was in danger. She had an inkling of what was going on; Gerda's answer earlier had been obvious enough, and if her father's cryptic words over the last few days hadn't immediately tipped her off, now his intent was clear in retrospect. She had been blind. She had 
\i wanted 
\i0 to be blind, 
\i wanted 
\i0 to believe that everything would go her way. Always too na\'efve, just like Elsa had said before.\
"Can you lead me to her?" Anna asked.\
"Uh-huh, I know exactly where to find her. Elsa's downstairs. Follow me!"\
Olaf took off in his shuffling gait, and Anna followed.\
All the castle was deserted, and she marveled that she ever found the atmosphere here to be inviting. She was better at lying to herself than she could have ever imagined. All this time Arendelle Castle had been gearing itself for \'97 and Anna felt an ugly pang in her chest at the thought \'97 assassination. Her home had been corrupted into nothing more than a trap for Elsa. How could Pappa resort to such an atrocity? Anna had always known her father to be a peaceful king, and something so much more than that. Pappa was a good man.\
At the end of the hall, where the staircase began, Anna pulled Olaf back and peered down. Soldiers stood guard at both the base and at the front doors.\
"Olaf, I need you to\'85" Anna took a closer look at the snowman. Olaf was sitting with his entire body bent over, hands clutching the small nubs of snow that were his feet. "Are you okay?"\
"Yeah! Just that, uhh, being around Elsa when she's like this makes me\'85blurgh." Somewhere in his downcast expression, behind the genuine sadness and concern, Anna saw a hint of\'85resentment. It was in his eyes. Like Elsa, Anna realized. Expressive as he already was, Olaf also spoke clearly with his eyes.\
"Stay here and rest," Anna said.\
"I can't help you with Elsa, but I can still get you to her," Olaf answered, and then he winced. "Ooh, that's 
\i really 
\i0 not good. We'd better hurry. I'll distract the guards, and then you make a run for it."\
"Are you sure?"\
"Born ready!" Olaf grinned. "Hehe, I must have picked that up from you."\
"But I've never said that to you, right?" When Olaf shrugged and started stretching, Anna smiled at the odd sight. "Well, I'm glad you're good to go. I don't feel very ready."\
"You'll be fine! I can't make much of a difference, but I'm sure you can."\
"\'85Yeah." Anna wondered how much of a difference 
\i she 
\i0 could make. She rose to her feet and glanced down the stairs before looking towards Olaf again. "Thanks for helping me out."\
"You helped me a lot too," Olaf said. "Just remember to hang in there!"\
Olaf charged down the staircase, diminutive body rolling down the steps and bouncing off the wall, presence made especially obvious with his loud whoops of sheer delight. Anna watched, half-entranced and half-bemused, as the snowballs that comprised his body disconnected and connected again. All the soldiers downstairs yelled at the bizarre sight and chased him while he dashed down the hall, leaving the way clear. Anna crept down the steps and ran in the opposite direction, towards the dining room.\
Each step was leaden with apprehension.\
Each step sent a jolt of dread through her veins.\
She felt terribly alone. It was the same disquieting silence she experienced while they trekked back to the castle, after building Olaf, and Anna wondered why 
\i she 
\i0 couldn't feel anything from Elsa. She would have feared the worst if Olaf hadn't told her otherwise. Anna ran and ran even as the air left her lungs, not from exertion but from the heavy pressure of her terror caught in her chest. Her vision tunneled until all she saw was that door down the hall, that door which would lead her to Elsa.\
Anna burst through.\
She was welcomed by a sight worse than anything she feared.\
Blood was the first thing she noticed. Its smell was so strong and the air so thick that she gagged on the pungent stench, and when she gasped she could taste the copper tang on her tongue. Red saturated the floor and even the walls, rivulets of blood flowing from the countless mangled, ruined bodies littering the room. All their faces were frozen in glassy stares of terror, mouths opened in silent screams.\
Worse than that, though, was the woman standing among the carnage. She could hardly recognize Elsa. Her face was ashen and painted with blood, lips drawn back into a bestial snarl. Her entire hand had been colored red along with her blade, as though she drove her hand and sword both through her enemies. Even from across the room her eyes glowed bright, the warm shade of dark blue replaced by a piercing, feverish light. All reason had been swept aside and replaced by base, primal hatred.\
Elsa didn't notice her, too intent on her target \'97 Pappa, Anna realized, dull dread immobilizing her body. Her father looked no different from the corpses on the floor, weak, defeated. Agdar was guarded by only two more soldiers, and Elsa stalked towards them with slow, trembling steps. Her entire body shook, and that was when Anna saw the obvious pain behind each of her determined movements. Elsa disregarded it all and trapped the soldier's sword beneath her own, free hand seizing his throat, and ice ripped through his neck. In similarly brutal fashion, she dispatched the other. Agdar backed up against the wall, sword barely remaining in his slackening grip.\
"You lose," Elsa spat, and the melodic quality of her voice only made her rage all the uglier, like hearing the screech of metal where once had been song.\
"Please. Spare Anna," Agdar breathed.\
"You don't have the right to make demands of me. You remember the conditions of your surrender? No negotiation. Anna is mine. Not yours," Elsa said. She raised her sword for the killing blow, and Agdar closed his eyes to await his death.\
Anna found her voice at last.\
"
\i Stop!
\i0 "\
Elsa paused. She and Agdar turned towards her, and as Anna stood there, chest heaving with heavy, labored breaths, she realized she really didn't know what to do anymore. In this impossible situation, was there 
\i anything 
\i0 she could do? Already she could tell how this would end. Someone was going to be hurt. Anna only wished that could be her, and her alone.\
"Anna! What are you doing here? Go!" Agdar yelled. When he took a step towards her, Elsa shoved him back towards the wall, sword pointed at his throat.\
"Stop, Elsa!" Anna ran between them, arms outstretched.\
Though her face was still steeled and her eyes still narrowed, their unnatural gleam undiminished, Elsa lowered her sword. "Move aside, Anna. None of this concerns you."\
"I can't let you kill Pappa."\
"But it's all right if he kills me?"\
"Pappa's not a threat to you, please, 
\i please, 
\i0 just listen to me\'97"\
"I'll make sure that he's not anymore. Do you know what he's done?" Elsa glared over her shoulder. "I could have died. If our positions were reversed, do you think your coward of a father would spare me?"\
"I know," Anna whispered. She knew exactly what had happened. She knew Agdar had started the conflict. "But he's still my father. I can't stand there and do nothing."\
"Anna, that's enough," Agdar said, trying to push her aside, but Anna stood her ground. Her father's dwindling strength wasn't enough to move her away. "Anna! Go before you get hurt!"\
"Silence," Elsa hissed. "And you, Anna \'97 I've always trusted you. I can believe that you had nothing to do with this, but you will step aside, 
\i now
\i0 ."\
She hadn't even considered that Elsa might think she was part of the assassination. How must it look when it was 
\i her 
\i0 who wanted to return to Arendelle, 
\i her 
\i0 who urged Elsa to come along? Anna opened and closed her mouth, words failing. All she could manage was a weak, "I-I didn't\'85"\
"Get out of the way," Elsa growled.\
"Anna, just do what she says\'97"\
"No! I'm not leaving you here." Anna glanced back at her father, meeting his panicked eyes with her own. She doubted hers were any calmer. When she looked towards Elsa, all she saw was a seemingly bottomless hate, one that had swallowed her into an abyss. "Please, Elsa, this isn't you\'97"\
"What you're seeing is 
\i exactly 
\i0 what I am!"\
Elsa swung her sword up so that its tip hovered only centimeters away from her throat. Anna looked down, slowly, disbelieving, but the length of steel poised for her life was real. Elsa's hand shook so badly the sword trembled, but she didn't lower her blade.\
"I'm not like you," Elsa said. For a moment, just a brief, brief moment, her defenses fell, and the haze in her eyes cleared. "You're a fluke, Anna, kind and generous and loving, but the world isn't like that. 
\i I am not like that. 
\i0 I'm just a monster with revenge in my bones and murder in my heart."\
"That's not\'97"\
"So you have to choose," Elsa continued, hardening her voice again. "Either step away and stay at my side, or stay here with your father, in Arendelle."\
"Don't make me choose." Anna shook her head, trying to hold back her tears, but sobs choked in her throat and escaped through her voice. "You can't make me give up one of you."\
"Then you don't understand me after all."\
"I do! I understand. More than anyone, and I can prove it to you," Anna said. Given the choice, she would never use the reliquary to access Elsa's thoughts. She'd always seen it as a violation of privacy, but this time, this time she had to. She didn't have a choice. So Anna reached for the link between them, searching out the familiar, ever-present warmth of their bond.\
Nothing.\
"Well?" Elsa might have smiled. Anna wasn't sure. It was just a pained twitch at the corner of her lips, the beginning of a wry smile. "Do you see my thoughts, Anna?"\
"I-I can't," Anna breathed.\
She couldn't see anything. Anna reached for the reliquary again, desperate for its help, but there was nothing for her to find. She was grasping at a shadow. It wasn't blocked. It was gone. It was why she had that sense of loneliness earlier before, Anna realized, horrific realization dawning much too late, because the reliquary was gone. It was Elsa whose presence she had missed.\
She had nothing to help her understand anymore.\
"In that case," Elsa murmured, "I'll ask you again to choose."\
"Elsa\'85" Anna turned to her father, the tears in her eyes obscuring her vision. She couldn't let him die. Agdar might have opened his mouth to say something, but Anna looked back to Elsa before she could change her mind, before she could be selfish enough to do the wrong thing. She let the tears fall and said, choking out her words, feeling each one hurt worse than any pain she had ever felt, "I'm sorry. I am so, so sorry."\
Silence. Elsa withdrew her sword, and Anna wanted nothing more than to reach out for her, to pull her back from the precipice. She couldn't do even that. She was rooted to the spot, unable to move, unable to think. When Elsa looked her in the eyes, Anna wished there was anger reflected there, betrayal. Instead Elsa looked at her with the vacant eyes of a corpse. She could have been one of the dead.\
"Are you afraid?" Elsa asked.\
She wished she could lie.\
"\'85Yes," Anna answered.\
It hurt so much to admit.\
"Well, I'm not." Elsa stepped away with her hand pressed against the wound in her side, shaking her head as bitter, choked laughs left her lips. "I told you before the only thing I feared was you leaving me...and now I'm not afraid of anything."\
"I remember," Anna choked out. She stretched out her hand, but Elsa stabbed her sword into the floor and it stood there, quivering, an impassable barrier between them. "I love you, Elsa."\
Elsa said nothing. Her wry smile faded. A blank mask took its place, harder than steel, and she resembled more than ever the Elsa that Anna had first met, the conquering queen she had glimpsed from afar. She bore no resemblance to the Elsa from only hours prior, the one with whom Anna had lived and laughed and loved. Anna looked at her face now, and saw a stranger.\
"I could never say it before, but\'85I loved you," Elsa said. Her words cut deeper than her sword ever could. Anna wished it was still the blade poised at her throat. Not this. Never this. "And I should thank you. Because now you've made me untouchable. There's nothing left for me to be afraid of anymore."\
"I'm sorry," Anna whispered.\
It was all she could say, but it would never be enough.\
"Don't be."\
Elsa departed.\
Anna stayed.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 37: Acquainted With the Night
\b0 \
Elsa staggered towards the Southern Isles Castle.\
Alone.\
She had never realized how foreboding the castle appeared. Years and years ago, when Elsa first saw the castle looming in the distance, so tall and so grand, she had been awed. Now, as she stood outside and stared up at the formation of towers, all jagged lines and pointed spires, she saw none of that previous majesty. Grey stone appeared no less impersonal for the pane of diamond-sheened ice lying atop its dull countenance. Even the finest art would be lost on its single-minded, militaristic design.\
It was a fortress.\
Elsa stepped inside, eyes closing as the doors slammed shut behind her.\
Barely a moment had passed, and she was reminded how life had been before Anna. Not just cold but barren, solitude and closed doors. She was surrounded by silence and falsities, until her own voice became a foreign sound to her ears, and her face unrecognizable in the mirror. But back then, she could still pretend this castle was home. She hardly knew any other life to be had.\
Now she remembered what she was missing.\
Upon her arrival at the docks, the other inhabitants of the castle had likely been alerted by sentries; Elsa heard footsteps coming from the princes' wing. She straightened her back and forced her hand away from the wound in her side just as an unlikely pair arrived \'97 Alek and Saul both came through the side door, Saul carrying a medical briefcase. Alek had a rare smile on his face, but not long after seeing Elsa, his lips turned into their usual scowl.\
"Where's Anna?" Alek asked.\
Elsa felt a laugh catch in her throat, some strangled thing desperate to claw its way out. Instead she fixed Alek with a frigid stare, and in a tone that brokered no argument, said, "She will not be returning."\
"\'85What?" When Alek made to move forward, Saul placed a hand over his shoulder and held him back; but his gaze never left Elsa. Even while his younger brother struggled to break free, Saul kept his eyes trained on her, searching her face, and Elsa returned his gaze without breaking contact.\
"Calm down," Saul said offhandedly.\
"Don't tell me to calm down." Alek shrugged off Saul's hold and demanded, "Why? Anna told me she would be coming back. What happened?"\
"Nothing," Elsa said. She didn't know why she kept having to resist the urge to laugh, but it was so very, very true that she had done nothing, and it was so very, very funny. "I thought you would be pleased."\
Alek furrowed his brow. "Pleased?"\
"You were the one who condemned me for holding her against her will," Elsa said. "Do you enjoy her company so much that you've forgotten all about it?"\
"It's not \'97 I was wrong," Alek said. "She wanted to be here."\
Another time, Elsa might have enjoyed the contrite look on his face. Right then, she wanted to cave in that face so he would never speak again, never say those things that pained her once more.\
"As it turns out, you were right. Anna has chosen to remain in Arendelle," Elsa said. She looked away from the brothers, suddenly beset by a bone-deep weariness at her own admission. "Spread the word to the others. And Saul, come with me."\
Alek seemed too shocked to argue, and Elsa took advantage of his momentary silence to start up the stairs. Saul followed, and together they ascended the staircase to her wing of the castle. It was a short walk, but telling. Usually, Saul would have kept pace two steps behind in deference. Just this once, Elsa noticed him struggling to keep his distance, overstepping and readjusting again and again.\
Once they'd arrived at her office, Saul asked, "What do you require, Queen Elsa?"\
Elsa sat at her sofa rather than the chair of her raised desk, but if Saul was startled by her choice, he hid his surprise well. "Since you seem to be well prepared already," Elsa said, nodding at his briefcase, "I require medical assistance."\
Hours after her escape, her body had equilibrated and become tolerant to the poison. Hemlock, she assumed, and at such a concentration that it became fast-acting, but the poison wasn't the problem. As soon as her powers returned, her magic continuously attempted to heal the arrow wound \'97 disregarding the growing infection. For the days-long voyage, the gash had forcibly sutured and torn apart, again and again. Elsa tore off the bodice of her dress, revealing the half-healed wound in her side.\
It was now a mass of gangrenous flesh stretching nearly eight inches across, from her stomach around her waist and to her back. Mottled red and yellow, at the center of her inflamed skin lay the pulsing wound, oozing a mixture of blood and infectious discharge.\
"I promise there won't even be a mark left behind," Saul murmured.\
"Is that even possible?"\
"I'll need to excise the flesh before you can heal properly," Saul said, kneeling at her side and opening his briefcase, withdrawing materials that Elsa had no interest in seeing. "But I may not be able to. Not when your automatic defense will stop me from approaching\'97"\
"I can control that now," Elsa said.\
"You realize, then, that you have to be awake, and there are no painkillers strong enough to affect you." Saul looked up and stretched out his hand, as though to touch her face. Elsa turned her head, and Saul instead reached up to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear.\
"There's no pain that I can't handle." Elsa was beginning to find physical pain a thankful relief. It was a reminder that she was alive. She could still feel 
\i that 
\i0 at least. After everything, she doubted, sometimes, whether or not she could be considered such while living her half-life bereft of nearly all other sensation.\
"I'll begin, then."\
Disinfectant was molten lava being poured over her flesh, but Elsa silently bore the pain and watched part of the diseased skin slough away. Saul laid a hand over her bare stomach, scalpel glinting in his other. When the blade dug into her side and sliced apart her flesh, she clenched her jaw and continued to watch. She refused to close her eyes. She refused to utter any sound. She 
\i would 
\i0 remember this.\
Each gash was another reminder of her weakness.\
"What happened?" Saul asked. When Elsa stayed silent, he added, "Talking may help to distract you."\
"Agdar had planned an assassination," Elsa bit out. It didn't distract her at all. If anything, the pain seemed worse. It just didn't come from her side. "But you seemed prepared for my return."\
"I was checking up on Hans, conveniently enough."\
It 
\i was
\i0  convenient.\
But Elsa noticed that Saul wasn't denying being prepared.\
Soon after, the pain ended. Saul began wrapping the cleaned wound with bandages, and Elsa could feel the difference already. Without infection hampering her healing, her magic was quick at work repairing the damage. Cold had numbed the pain from fire to a dull ache, and it would pass soon enough. When Saul stood up and leaned closer to reach around her waist, Elsa seized his collar and dragged him closer. Only inches away, she could count each of his individual eyelashes. Still Saul was not perturbed.\
"Why did you do it?" Elsa murmured.\
Saul looked down to her hands for a moment before meeting her eyes. "I'm not sure I understand what you mean." Despite his words, the electric-blue staring back at her already told Elsa what she needed to know. "You'll have to be clearer if you're accusing me of something, Your Majesty."\
"Agdar said Anna had written him a letter detailing my weaknesses. Not many people know how my powers work," Elsa said. Not that her ice was any secret, but the mechanics behind it all, the automatic defense, the lightning \'97 Elsa could count on one hand the number of people who knew. "And of them, Anna would never be able to deduce my weaknesses so flawlessly."\
"You're right," Saul agreed. "Quite frankly, she's too simple-minded."\
"And only one person would know how to poison me." Elsa watched as the corner of Saul's lips turned in quiet satisfaction. "After years of monitoring my health."\
"It was me," Saul admitted. "I sent Agdar that letter, but in Anna's handwriting."\
"You had to know I would realize it was you."\
"Yes."\
"And you weren't afraid I would kill you when I returned? Or did you hope I would die?"\
Saul said nothing, and for a time there they remained, both of them teetering on the edge of decision, their silence full of unspoken words. Though she was the one holding him by the throat, Elsa had the odd feeling she was the one least in control. At last, Elsa released his collar. Saul finished wrapping her wound and drew away, but remained kneeling before her, waiting for sentencing.\
"You are so far above them that they couldn't have succeeded."\
"Close enough."\
"Only because you were distracted."\
"So what was the point?"\
"I needed to show you something you already knew," Saul said, and he tentatively reached out. Elsa didn't move away when he took her hand. "Anna wouldn't choose you. She's not one of us. She can never fully be yours, but\'85 Elsa, I can be there for you instead. I always have been."\
"You would just be her replacement. Is that really what you want?"\
"Yes," Saul said, voice breathy with religious rapture, sounding so desperately hopeful that it must have been absolute despair to bottle it inside all these years. "I don't mind. I just want to be with you."\
Saul brought her hand to his cheek, looking into her eyes all the while. His soft, unguarded smile was the same one he had born when they were younger, and Elsa remembered the days spent with that bright-eyed, polite boy, the one who smuggled her chocolates in between etiquette lessons and found time to tutor her outside his own classes. His skin was warm, Elsa thought. Like Anna.\
"If you really don't mind," Elsa said, releasing just enough cold from her palm that Saul flinched away, "I can tell you, for certain, that you never loved me."\
"That's not true."\
"If you did, you wouldn't be content as a replacement."\
Elsa watched his facade melt away. For a brief instant, the innocence of the boy twisted into something harsh, something ugly, before Saul managed to control his emotions and smoothed his features into an uneasy calm. But it wasn't meant to be duplicitous. Elsa knew Saul long enough, well enough, to understand his guise was simply who he had become. Saul had always worn his masks well.\
"Was Anna not a replacement for me?" Saul asked. "She only intrigued you because she didn't fear you. But before her, I was always there, I never feared\'97"\
"It's not just that."\
"Tell me then. She was nothing but a stupid little girl who didn't know a thing about you. She didn't deserve you." Saul shook his head. "And look how she repaid you. She didn't choose you, Elsa."\
"You're right. She didn't understand me, not the way either of us thought," Elsa said. She turned away, eyes closing against her will. "Leave, Saul. You've made your point already."\
"Not enough. Why can't you see?"\
"I believe I told you to leave."\
Outside, the storm that had passed began to rage once more. Hail struck the windows with such violence that the glass rattled, and the gales swept the snow into furious tumult, obscuring all else with a veil of white. Even the sun had been blocked out by stormclouds. Not the barest whisper of light passed through. Elsa dug her fingers into the leather of the couch, and despite her wishes, ice crept over the alabaster upholstery.\
"I need you to understand that difference, Elsa, I would always, 
\i always
\i0  choose\'97"\
"Would it really be for me?" Elsa spun around and snatched Saul's collar again. "Do you know why I chose Anna? She may not have understood, but she loved me, for no reason but that I'm\'85Elsa."\
Saul widened his eyes when Elsa drew closer.\
She pressed their lips together.\
It hadn't been something she understood or even realized until she had Anna to compare, but Saul had always looked at her and yet never seen her at all. She didn't think less of him for it. She still remembered the first time he laid eyes on her, and she believed that Saul 
\i had
\i0 , for that moment, loved. But once she became more than just the scared girl, once she became useful and of worth, that was all she could ever be in his eyes, in anyone's eyes; and Elsa, also, looked at others and saw inferiority.\
She had to be superior, because if not, no one would spare her a second glance.\
Until she met Anna, and for once someone saw her too.\
And that was why she loved Anna.\
And that was why Saul 
\i thought
\i0  he loved her, because he could pretend to love, because he wanted to fool himself with a dream of romance. She understood. She could hardly hate him for dreaming.\
Elsa wasn't surprised when Saul didn't respond to her kiss. Both of them were cold. She pulled away and Saul looked elsewhere, anywhere but at her, looking so numb that Elsa thought he understood.\
"Could you feel anything?" Elsa asked, knowing the answer.\
"I proved my point, and you proved yours," Saul said. Rising from the floor, he collected all his supplies and shoved them into his briefcase, fumbling with the clasps as he never did.\
"You're not like her after all," Elsa murmured.\
"I'm sorry that I'm not." Saul walked to the door, but halfway through twisting the knob he stopped, fingers tapping the brass handle, and he looked back. "Did you\'85know how she would choose?"\
"Yes," Elsa said. She had always known. She had only needed to hear it from Anna. "We had gone as far as we could go together. Right now\'85our paths are different."\
"With time, that might change."\
"I thought you didn't approve."\
"I need to believe that 
\i our
\i0  paths can change as well." Saul smiled. Some of his old confidence had returned, the quiet poise so superior to pomp, so much more secure. "Neither Anna nor I know how, but we're on equal ground now; I'll learn how to love you again. One day, I can be selfless for you."\
Elsa didn't smile now but she 
\i knew 
\i0 that she would have, once.\
"Even if you do, I can't promise anything."\
"Let me hope," Saul said, and Elsa nodded her head. She could give him that. "It may be worthless, coming from me, but I'm sorry things had to turn out this way, for you and Anna."\
"I don't blame you. I told you, I knew."\

\i But I hoped she would choose me anyway.
\i0 \
Saul left, and she was left to her thoughts. She was so tired. Elsa leaned back, but sleep would never come. Her sleepless nights would return now. She closed her eyes but all she could see was Anna, the memory of their last minutes together seared into the back of her eyelids. In those last moments, she realized Anna no longer held her reliquary. Living that memory again with her perfect recall, she saw the missing white streak in Anna's hair. She didn't know where the shard of her heart could have gone. Maybe it had finally crumbled to nothing, Elsa thought. Just like Gustaf predicted.\
She laughed, and sobbed.\
Anna couldn't feel what she felt anymore.\

\i Does this mean I'll be the only one who hurts now?
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Anna, I-I'm going to leave your dinner outside. Make sure you eat something. Please."\
Anna heard her father's footsteps leading away from the door, but she didn't budge. She sat against the headboard of her bed with her knees drawn in, staring at the opposite wall. For three days, she had remained like this. Olaf crawled out from under her bed and ambled to the door, peeking under the crack to make sure no one was around. Anna watched out the corner of her eye to make sure nothing happened when he opened the door and grabbed the plate her father had left.\
"Hey, Anna!" Olaf said, shuffling over to the bed and reaching up over his head to slide the plate near her side. Anna peered over the edge and looked at his earnest smile. "You're going to like this stuff."\
"Not hungry, Olaf."\
She already ate earlier at his behest. When Agdar left lunch behind, Olaf had bothered her enough to take a few bites. It was always her favorite, and always bland and tasted like ash on her tongue.\
"But you have to stay strong, and you can't do that hungry," Olaf said. Grabbing onto the blankets, he pulled himself up and shimmied onto the bed.\
"I just don't have an appetite right now. I'll eat later."\
"Okay, but when's later?"\
"Tomorrow."\
"But that's what you said yesterday, and you said you weren't hungry earlier either\'85"\
Sometimes Anna wished she could throw Olaf out. She wanted silence more than anything, but the snowman almost never stopped pestering her about eating, or getting up and walking, or going out for some sun. Sometimes Anna wished Olaf had never been built at all. Looking at him only reminded her of Elsa. Now that she was back at home, alone, the past six months almost felt like a dream. Almost, because Olaf was irrefutable proof of what was now lost.\
But when those moments of vindictiveness passed, she inevitably ended up feeling guilty.\
Anna scooped up a bite and forced herself to eat, each bite, each rise and fall of her jaw, feeling like a mechanical motion. She swallowed, and she felt ash scraping down her throat. She had to be imagining it, but even her stomach churned, long before the food could have gone that far.\
"How are you feeling?" Olaf asked.\
"Like I want to sleep and never wake up," Anna said, and she remembered what Elsa had promised, that she would be there when she woke from her dreams. No point waking now. All their promises, gone.\
"Oh." Olaf faltered for only a moment before he perked up again. "Well, that's all right. It hasn't even been long since what happened. Once you get outta this slump, you can\'97"\
"Why do you always say that? I have to stay strong, I have to get out of this slump." Anna drew her blankets closer, ignoring the plate falling with a clang, spilling its contents on the carpet.\
"It's not over!"\
"What's not over?"\
"Elsa! You still love her," Olaf said.\
Anna jerked away, the sudden movement sending Olaf flying off the bed. When she saw what she had done, she opened her mouth to apologize \'97 and then closed it again, turning away from the snowman and clutching her blankets tight. She could feel her fingernails pressing through the fabric to bite into her palm. She could hardly breathe. Anna curled inwards and shut her eyes, willing her thoughts to stray far, far away from Elsa. She couldn't think about her, not without hurting all over again.\
"She's hurting too," Olaf said.\
"Not right now, Olaf," Anna breathed. Without thinking, her fingers threaded through where the white strand had once been. "Not now. Please, just leave me alone."\
"I can feel it even from here."\
"Go. Away. Please."\
It was too late to stop thinking of her, not when she finally started going down that road after three days of careful repression. Elsa didn't hurt at all, Anna thought, not like she did. Bitterness rose like tar caught in her throat, thick and viscous, too much to ever vocalize. Part of her 
\i hated 
\i0 what Elsa had done, Anna realized. Always, Elsa found ways to push her away. Did Elsa have any right to be upset? Elsa had been the one to force her into that unfair choice. Elsa had been the one to make her choose.\
"How did she expect me to let Pappa die?" Anna bit out.\
"I don't think she did."\
"Really?" She still remembered steel pointed at her throat, but she also remembered gentle fingers tracing her face with loving care. She still remembered the harsh, guttural voice, but she also heard whispered promises and the sound of music. "So why did she leave when I didn't let her kill him?"\
"You really 
\i don't
\i0  understand," Olaf murmured.\
She didn't need reminding.\
"Shut up! Nobody wants you here, Olaf!"\
After the shout escaped her lips, Anna was left heaving dry breaths while the reverberations died out. She couldn't recognize her own voice. She wasn't supposed to be like that. What happened? When did she become so hateful? She had been someone would never have turned anyone away, not when they needed her, not even if she didn't know for what purpose. She wanted to be that person again.\
Anna turned around. Olaf was sitting on his haunches, frozen in quiet dismay more hopeless than Anna thought his features capable of expressing. And Olaf wasn't moving. In fact, he was completely static. Anna leapt out of bed and raced over to the snowman, feeling her own heart stop at the thought that this last remnant of Elsa might be gone. Olaf had closed his eyes. It was as though every bit of magic had been drained out of him.\
"Olaf?" Anna reached out, but her shaking hand paused an inch away from the snowman. "Olaf, please, I'm sorry, I didn't mean that. What don't I understand?"\
Nothing.\
She was truly alone now.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 With lightning coursing all around her body, Elsa felt invincible.\
She was pushing harder than she had ever pushed before, pushing until she could practically feel 
\i heat 
\i0 rather than cold, until every angry surge of electricity screeched so loudly she could hear nothing else. Shards of ice levitated off the ground and surrounded her on all sides, interlaced by bolts of lightning to form an impenetrable web. Her magic had never been stronger.\
Or she would have thought so once.\
Elsa released her hold on the barrier, and the lightning dissipated, the ice shattered. Instantly the pressure on her body alleviated. She felt so much lighter that she marveled she had ever been reckless enough to throw all her power forward without restraint. Before, the sheer weight of her magic had been shackling her to the ground. Even her vision cleared without white-hot rage clouding her thoughts.\
"I really did become overconfident," Elsa murmured.\
She remembered how easily the Sorcerer had outmaneuvered her at every turn. It had been sheer power that allowed her to win, nothing more. Elsa knew herself to have been more mobile, more instinctive in her movements when she was younger. Before the reliquary, she had such a wide range of options. She had allowed herself to think the brute force masking her slipping control was power.\
Which was why she was now practicing with a sword instead.\
"It's a little weird to see you using that instead of, you know, 
\i pew pew pew
\i0 , magical powers."\
Elsa turned around and Edmund was there, looking on with a curious tilt of his head.\
"It's best to be well-rounded," Elsa said. She crushed the ice-sword in her hand and let the pieces crumble to the ground to join the snow. "In all things, I think."\
"Yeah, I guess." Edmund adjusted his scarf, but he made no move to get back inside, seemingly content to stay out in the cold to talk. "Would be nice if I was just really, really good at one thing, though."\
Elsa could think of nothing to say. Vaguely realizing that she hadn't spoken to Edmund since the mishap with Gustaf, Elsa remembered only threatening the boy's life and being witness to his almost-death.\
"Are you not cold?" Elsa asked.\
"Kinda got used to this a few years back."\
"Ahh. Yes."\
"We should really talk more often," Edmund said, laughing as he pointed to the courtyard fountain. Without waiting, he swept aside the snow and plopped himself down on the edge.\
"Maybe." Elsa hesitated for a moment before claiming a seat next to him, moving the snow with a gentle flick of her fingers. "I'm afraid I'm not a great conversationalist."\
"It gets easier the more you talk."\
Elsa hummed her agreement. Lacing her fingers together in her lap, she looked towards Edmund but really directed her gaze outwards to the renewed winter storm. Nothing she attempted had been able to quell the buffeting wind. "I apologize about what happened before."\
"What happened\'85before?"\
"I mistook you for the Sorcerer, and I threatened your life," Elsa said.\
"Well, you weren't wrong to suspect me," Edmund said, snorting. "Nothing to be sorry about, really."\
"And I'm sorry that Gustaf had to die."\
Edmund shuddered, right hand closing into a tight fist, and even his breathing stopped. Elsa watched as he exhaled, eyes closing, and his hand unclenched so slowly that it seemed to take immense effort. When Edmund opened his eyes, even Elsa could tell the smile he plastered onto his face was false.\
"It had to happen, I guess."\
"You two were close," Elsa said, feeling, for some reason, an inexplicable need to apologize, to make amends. "And I was the one to take that away\'97"\
"No," Edmund said, voice harshening for a moment with something that Elsa could identify with, something she knew intimately. Guilt, Elsa thought. Regret. Edmund shook his head. "It wasn't you."\
"But for whatever my words are worth, I 
\i am 
\i0 sorry."\
"Your words are worth a lot to me, Sis." Edmund smiled softly now, but the smaller expression was more genuine than the horribly forced smile from before. "Can I still call you that?"\
"If you'd like."\
Both of them sat quietly at the fountain, lost in their own thoughts. Elsa stretched out her hand and caught a snowflake, though it stayed in her palm for only a second before the wind picked it up again and carried it away. Maybe it could fly across the sea and reach Arendelle, Elsa thought, and Anna would see it and think of her. Would they be fond memories? Or had even the happiest recollections soured? Edmund cleared his throat, and Elsa turned to see him watching with a knowing look in his eyes.\
"I know that none of us are supposed to talk about her, but do you miss Anna?"\
"All the time."\
Not a moment passed that she didn't think about Anna. Some things, some people
\i , 
\i0 would never be forgotten no matter how much time passed, and scarcely a week had passed, not enough time to even make a pretense of healing. Her physical wound might have closed, but inside, where Anna had been torn away, that wound was still torn and raw.\
"Why did you let her go?" Edmund asked.\
"I asked too much of her, and Anna is too selfless," Elsa said. She knew herself to be flawed. Not just missing her heart, but something else too, something she had lost when she made that decision to be inhuman. Identity. She barely understood who she 
\i was 
\i0 anymore.\
When Anna had offered to be her heart, Elsa had already known, deep down, that they were doomed to failure. Anna was her own person. She couldn't be her heart. But Anna would have been willing to make herself into everything she ever needed, Anna would give up her own happiness so 
\i she 
\i0 could be happy, and Elsa refused to be that selfish. She was responsible for destroying herself. She couldn't let Anna do the same thing for her sake.\
"Anna 
\i is 
\i0 that way. She's strong," Edmund said, scuffling the snow with his boots. "Speaking honestly, I wish\'85I was that strong. I want to be like Anna. Is that how you feel too, Sis?"\
"Yes."\
"What's stopping you?"\
"I don't know myself as well as I should," Elsa admitted. She was the one with magic, but still she felt so weak in comparison to Anna. Anna had beliefs. She believed in herself and in goodness, in faith, with unshakable confidence. And there was her, toiling in the darkness without purpose, without feeling.\
"Isn't there anyone that does?"\
Elsa stiffened.\
Just one person might.\
"Well, I guess I should get back inside. Hopefully you get all this figured out, Sis." Edmund rose and brushed off his pants, waving his goodbye, but Elsa barely managed to nod. She waited until he was safely within the castle before she spun around to look in the opposite direction.\
Just one person might be able to help her now. She needed her heart back. She needed to feel again so she could know who she was, know what to do, so she could love Anna without burdening her.\
Elsa looked towards the Tower.\
It was time to wake Markus.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 A/N: 
\b0 I'm really sorry about the wait on this chapter; I've been busy with school, but that's not an excuse. I promise I 
\i will 
\i0 finish this story!\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 38: Reborn By Ice and Thunder
\b0 \
In the midst of the formation of spires that surrounded the Southern Isles Castle, the Central Tower dwarfed all others in height and immensity, jutting into the sky and casting a shadow over the castle.\
Before Markus, the tower had little purpose other than to be a symbol of might, an architectural achievement that was exalted over for a time before being discarded in favor of practicality. It would later become the new resting place of the Mirror, brought forth from the deepest bowels of the castle where it had been buried\'97out of fear, out of shame, feelings that Markus did not share. 
\i He 
\i0 had held only pride, and reverence for old glory. But even then, the tower walls had been mundane mortar, not the diamond-ice that resided there now; Elsa had been the one to recreate the tower, though by accident. As soon as she removed her heart, frost swept over its crests and ridges, spreading down and outwards to entrap the entire castle.\
Elsa ascended the tower, each step bringing her closer to what she had lost.\
She climbed the stairs, half-wondering if they might refuse her entrance. It was 
\i her 
\i0 magic and certainly knew her reluctance, more than she allowed herself to know it; but she was allowed. She rose to the top and collapsed the barrier, thinking, still, that this might prove her impediment; but once more, she was allowed. All too soon, she arrived in the tower chamber. Though she had stepped foot there many times, some things still eluded her understanding. Aside from the incomplete Mirror, most details were of her creation: the staircase, the barrier, the chandelier housing her ruined heart. But the intricate runes carved into the floor had been present before her time, and Markus never explained their purpose. She could not read them, but then, she did not care to. Elsa looked towards Markus' sarcophagus, but her gaze moved up, up to the chandelier and beyond.\
With every involuntary tremor of her hands, her fledgling strength faded.\
Elsa hated being close to her reliquary. Seeing the reminder of the person she had been, suspended there, exposed like a torn nerve, oftentimes she saw not her discarded heart but the hanged corpse of her younger self. She\'97the vision, the thing\'97was terribly little, and also beautifully, tragically broken. Her limbs were slack, held limp like cut threads; her lips were blue from want of air, opened in soundless agony; her skin was grey; but worst of all were her eyes. They were not closed or even open with the listless gaze of death, but widened, red-veined and bulging with sentient, living hatred, all of it directed at her. Elsa blinked. The apparition was gone, but her apprehension was not. She still felt the tug that her reliquary exerted on her soul. Suddenly she felt horribly torn, and weightless as one disconnected from flesh and blood\'97as though her spirit would float away to nothingness.\
It was a welcome relief when dark warmth flooded her senses, grounding her to reality.\

\i\b Purpose.
\i0\b0 \
"Markus," Elsa said, standing before the sarcophagus. "I pray you will forgive me just as you always tolerated my follies before. I was foolish then, and I am foolish now. I am irreparably 
\i lost
\i0 , Father."\
Markus was not truly here. It was only a disembodied presence with her now, an echo of his consciousness. For the answers she wanted, she needed more than a shadow. Elsa stepped closer to the glacial coffin, peering down past the ice to see him. Markus looked just as he did before his entombment, eyes closed and hands folded over his stomach, as though he had slept for hours and not years. She needed Markus to be awake. It was all she ever wanted to please him, to earn his acknowledgement and repay his favor, but necessity dictated that she must fail him this once.\
"Forgive me," Elsa murmured. Before she could begin to doubt, she extended her palm over the tomb and pushed her thoughts and her magic forward.\
Summoning lightning was never easy. It was nothing like ice, whose cold was comforting, whose cold had a certain intensity about it, an enduring life and vibrancy in its dynamic form. Lightning was something else entirely. When the cold twisted itself into rigid, blind rage\'97
\i that 
\i0 was lightning, fleeting, unfeeling. Elsa did so now, drawing on every bit of cold rage that festered in the empty hollow of her heart. Electric currents surged over the icy surface of the tomb, crackling with untold energy.\
Instantly, Markus pushed back.\
Heat blasted from the other end, devouring the cold of her magic and roiling over her skin like flames from an open furnace. Elsa bit back a scream, feeling blood drip from her torn lips. For a moment she was blind and deaf in a paroxysm of pain, and holding on was like clutching red-hot metal. It burrowed through her palm, seized her veins and 
\i pulled
\i0 . At once, her muscles seized. She felt her magic draining through the link on its own accord, and that feeling\'97that feeling terrified her more than anything she had ever experienced. It was complete, utter lack of control. She was not conductor but captive audience, and it was unbearable. Elsa braced herself and ignored the pain, funneling more and more power through the link, funneling more and more of her rage, her desperation. She swore she would dominate this magic and bring it to heel. Pressure built in the tomb, and in her hands, until her entire body shook and the tower reverberated with the heavy thrum of magic.\
She wasn't making any progress.\
Only the pain built, the phantom heat threatening to overwhelm her completely. Elsa chanced a glance at her hands and looked away immediately; she dared not look closely at the flesh so blackened it was unrecognizable as her own, burned down to the bone and revealing purple, bloodless veins. Even the most grotesque of wounds could not unnerve her but 
\i this, 
\i0 destruction by fire, 
\i erasure
\i0 \'97no. She couldn't move, or even stem the flow of magic. Was this how she would die, Elsa wondered, consumed by her own failure? She realized now that 
\i Markus
\i0  had never pushed back. It was her own weakness. She couldn't control her magic. Elsa looked up, saw the bright glow of her reliquary; and then she closed her eyes, accepting of her retribution. Justice enough, she supposed. Poetic, even, that she dealt death so often, and here, where she had killed 
\i herself
\i0 , she would die a final, ignominious death.\
\'85Anna.\

\i Do you want to build a snowman?
\i0 \
\'85I'm not sure I can do this.\

\i I know you can.
\i0 \
Anna had taught her control. When they had built snowmen, Elsa remembered having let go of her rage, and the feeling that came afterward. It hadn't been any wild rush of power that she wielded. It hadn't been the euphoria of domination or even the serenity of peace, but something in between. An unsteady calm, glorious, frightening, delightful. Something had resonated in her then.\
Love.\
Happiness.\
Elsa reined in her power, thinking of Anna all the while. She remembered the way she smiled and scrunched up her nose, the way she laughed and swung her arms, the way she kissed and the way she felt in her arms. She remembered seeing Anna for the first time as she stared up at her with defiance in her eyes, and seeing that defiance become acceptance and trust. Elsa remembered that there had once been someone who had faith in her, and up above, her heart released a powerful glow to match the sudden light of the Mirror.\
At last, the lightning calmed.\
At last, the ice shattered.\
Elsa collapsed, magic quick at work repairing the damage to her body. Every inch of her body ached. She could barely feel her hands as the cold numbed her pain and mended her skin. Even her head throbbed with migraine. But when she heard movement, Elsa forgot all about her pain and watched unblinkingly. She eased herself to her feet and backed away a respectful distance, but she never took her eyes away from the unsealed tomb.\
Markus had awoken.\
An aged hand burst from within and gripped the edge of the coffin, and rising from its confines, the warlord emerged. Each motion was stiff, clumsy, like those of a newborn feeling out the world. Fingers flexed on the edge, practically brittle, each movement issuing a hideous crack. Markus pushed himself to his feet, stepping out of the ice with eyes still closed, breathing as heavily as one woken from nightmare. Elsa took in every feature of his face: the hollowed cheeks and strong, angular jaw, the thin lips pursed into a displeased line. But Markus looked sicklier than before. Now his skin was an unnatural, ashen pallor, nearly transparent and revealing blue veins coursing underneath; and his eyes had sunken into hollow caverns. When he opened them, Elsa saw that they glowed piercingly blue like hers; and yet, unlike. Molten, like her magic had turned into liquid fire and invested itself in his body. Elsa wondered at the change.\
Heaving deep breaths still, Markus took another step. But he pitched forward; Elsa rushed to steady him, only to stop when Markus thrust his hand up into her path. She had almost forgotten how proud he was, that even before, while sickness ravaged his body, he had never allowed anyone to aid him. Markus seated himself upon the remains of the coffin, and he looked more kingly than Elsa thought she ever managed. She dropped to one knee and waited while he recovered, the only sound the rasping of his breaths.\
Elsa wondered, vaguely, whether or not he would even have an answer. It surprised her to find herself thinking such a thought. She had never doubted him before.\
Markus clicked his tongue, and Elsa looked up to see him smiling softly.\
"Come closer, my child," Markus said. "Or do my eyes deceive me, and you are not Elsa? I raised that child as my own flesh and blood, and I believed there were no formalities between us. She would not distance herself so from me. Am I wrong? Do you abhor me and see me as monstrous now?"\
Elsa did as she was told, oddly on edge. She thought she would be comforted seeing her mentor, her father. But whatever familiarity had existed between them was gone. Markus felt foreign, as though she looked upon not her father but the half-remembered face of a distant memory. Elsa didn't know what role she ought to play, how she ought to act.\
"How long has it been?" Markus continued. He reached out, brushing his fingers against her hair and cradling her cheek. "Last I saw you, you were still a fragile thing; just a little girl. And now in the blink of an eye, how beautifully you have matured! You have become a delightful creature, Elsa."\
"Almost six years has passed," Elsa answered, relieved. Of course she was still unused to seeing Markus. So much time had passed. She ought to be happy, and she 
\i would 
\i0 be, once the shock passed. "It gladdens me to see you returned. These past years, I have been utterly lost\'97"\
"Lost, Elsa?" Markus chuckled, and after one last caress of her cheek, withdrew his hand. "From what I've seen, I would have thought that you no longer required my counsel."\
"I-I don't understand."\
"Tell me," Markus said, and here was the voice of the king, not the benevolent father. "Why have you awoken me?"\
"But I already showed you everything. All these years, I reported everything, and just now, I showed you all th\'97"\
"Ungrateful whelp!" Markus had always managed to sound cutting despite the rich baritone of his voice. Even harshly uttered, his voice was powerfully charismatic, enough to make Elsa flinch with shame. "Indeed you have shown me much, and I regret that I should ever have trusted you. Wicked child! I see 
\i nothing 
\i0 but complete and utter 
\i betrayal
\i0 ."\
Elsa dropped to her knees once again, paralyzing fear seizing her every thought. She could not stop trembling, and this, she knew, would only draw greater ire from Markus. He despised weakness. "I-I beg your forgiveness."\
"You should know best, Elsa. I much dislike it when people should carelessly admit to mistake," Markus said. "For what do you beg my forgiveness?"\
"I\'85"\
She did not know how to answer.\
"Your dalliance with the slut of Arendelle," Markus spat. When Elsa opened her mouth to protest, Markus jerked his head to the side with a guttural snarl. "Hold your tongue! Insolent creature. You do 
\i not 
\i0 have permission to speak, not when you have flouted my command and awoken me while I am on death's door! Forget filial devotion if you must, but to repay me with wanton treachery!"\
Markus sprung to his feet, the heavy pressure of his magic flooding the chamber until even the light dimmed and the air thinned, replaced with suffocating miasma. Dark flames erupted in the palm of his hand, and he spun around, hurled them down at the coffin which once held him. What remained of it shattered and burned to nothing. Elsa could see only his back, but she knew Markus was observing the Mirror. Incomplete. Not even two-thirds finished.\
"Your mind has wandered from your true purpose. You have forgotten my lessons and become selfish in my absence, Elsa."\
"\'85Yes."\
"You will learn again to be loyal to your family, to me," Markus said. "Without loyalty, we are no better than the animals from which I salvaged you."\
Mention of her parents stung more than it should.\
"O-Of course."\
"As for Anna," Markus said, biting out her name as something foul, "I did not raise you to bandy with harlots scarcely worthy to be 
\i killed 
\i0 by you, much less be loved. You were foolish enough to bring her here; but I ordered you to kill the wench the moment she arrived, and you, deceitful girl, ignored my heeding. She is inconsequential, nothing but a passing fancy, nothing but a distraction\'97"\
"No." Elsa remained kneeling, but she kept her chin raised when Markus turned. She 
\i had 
\i0 transgressed. She 
\i had 
\i0 disappointed him, and she accepted his admonishment without complaint. But Anna was not a distraction. Elsa knew that, with Anna, she had done something right. "I will not apologize for Anna."\
Markus stared back, glowing eyes matching her own.\
Elsa did not look away.\
"What more have you to say?" Markus asked.\
"I shall not lie," Elsa said. "And I am not deceitful. If I were, I would say that I regret my actions, but I regret nothing of my time with Anna. I am glad that I brought her here, and I am glad that I met her at all. Even now the very thought of her brings me as much pleasure as it does pain, but I would not forget either for fear of forgetting anything of Anna. And, Markus, you may think me ungrateful, but I remember how you salvaged me from ruin. If you should so make me choose, I will choose you; I will follow you, always, for the magnanimity you have shown me, but if at the expense of Anna, I will do so and forevermore be a shell. If that is what you wish, you have only to say it. I will follow, Father."\
As soon as she finished, Elsa felt a rush of triumph. She exulted, with the strangest sense of freedom, as if an invisible knot had finally burst from long years of pressure. Now she waited, and watched, as Markus deliberated. Elsa had never known him to be so subdued.\
"You have changed much in my absence." Markus strode towards her until he stood an arm's length away, expression indecipherable. Elsa waited. She could do nothing else but bear his scrutiny and await judgment, but she didn't regret her words, and she kept her poise.\
At last, Markus bent and grasped her arms, helping her stand.\
"You are wise now," Markus murmured. "Forgive me, my child. I was only concerned for your wellbeing, that you should be manipulated without your knowledge, but I realize now I was wrong to question your decisions. Whenever you need me, for whatever purpose, I shall be here for you."\
"I am not wise," Elsa said. "You chose the wrong person, Markus. I have always been ill-suited for ruling."\
Markus chuckled, though the mirth did not reach his eyes. "You were the best choice. Among my sons, there are none who are as capable as you. None who I could trust."\
Many times before, Elsa had noticed Markus speaking of his sons with the same strange disconnection, depreciating but without venom. Emotion, even negative, required care. It was as though Markus had simply given up on them. Only now did she understand the vacancy in his eyes\'97Gustaf, Elsa realized. Markus must have placed so much hope on his eldest son, only to be repaid with betrayal. How thoughtlessly cruel of her to awaken that memory with her own misconduct! Or, at least, that was how she would have perceived it once. Now, remembering what Gustaf had said\'85\
Could it be true, that Markus had forced him to create a reliquary?\
"Markus, I wanted to ask about\'97"\
"Gustaf is dead?"\
It was almost imperceptible, but as soon as he fully registered the thought \'97 that one thought out of the thousands and thousands of memories she transferred over \'97 Markus flinched. It was entirely unlike him. In an instant he hardened his face again, and he was once more a pillar of dark strength; but Elsa had seen the twitch of his lips, the flare of his nostrils, the brief spark of anger in his eyes.\
"You loved him," Elsa murmured.\
"Good riddance," Markus continued, either not hearing or disregarding her entirely. Elsa thought it was likely the latter. "If you had not done so, I would have killed him myself. No, I 
\i regret 
\i0 that the chance was taken from me. I spared him once, and he dared to defy me again? Death is too lenient on him. I would have flayed the skin from his flesh and rended the flesh from his bones. Pah! Begone."\
But, Elsa thought, Markus had tolerated Gustaf's presence all these years. Stripped him of his power and thrown him aside, but Elsa knew Markus well enough to know that if he were to kill Gustaf, he would have been dead long ago. Even this transgression\'85Markus would have forgiven it also.\
"He said\'85that you were cause for his reliquary," Elsa said carefully.\
Markus whirled around. "And you should believe the words of a traitor more than my own?"\
"Of course not," Elsa said. "It is precisely because I trust your wisdom that I wished to hear it from you, to know that his words were false."\
"Gustaf! I did nothing to him. Gustaf brought his ruin upon himself," Markus said, and then his lip curled. "Or rather, that woman did. My son, degraded into ambitionless waste at her whim! And yet\'85what an odd story he should spin."\
Markus sounded genuinely confused; his last utterance had not been meant for her ears, and Elsa realized she would hear no more on the subject, no matter how she pressed. It was none of her concern, anyhow. Gustaf had lied, and that was all that mattered.\
"Tobias, Alvard, and Reid have also passed\'97"\
"Edmund," Markus said suddenly. "What of Edmund?"\
Elsa frowned. "Edmund?"\
"Yes, Edmund." Markus waved his hand impatiently. "Has he been acting strangely? Have you noticed anything about him that suggests duplicity?"\
"Should there be?" Elsa asked. "Gustaf's passing was hard on him, but Edmund is the same as always. Still that same na\'efve child\'85but that is his strength, I think. With time, Edmund will heal. In fact, Edmund was the one who encouraged me to awaken you."\
"Did he now\'85?"\
"In passing, and I doubt he realized it," Elsa said. "He did not mention your name, only that I needed someone who might counsel me. Of course, my thoughts turned to you."\
Markus was silent for a moment, and Elsa could not fathom what he might be thinking. His eyes were unfocused, hazy with conflict; Markus might have had his eyes on her, but he was looking elsewhere. It was the same half-mourning, half-angry expression he had for Gustaf\'97except mingled with calculation. Elsa realized she held no fondness for that cold gaze. Finally, Markus nodded. "I suppose. Now then, you still have not made clear why you woke me."\
Part of her had wanted to ask as soon as Markus awoke, and yet, now that the time had arrived, she couldn't bear to ask. Having hope was better than being told that what she wanted was impossible.\
"It's my own fault. I awoke you for selfish reasons," Elsa said. "You warned me against the reliquary, and I didn't heed your advice. Now I regret, and I can only come to you for answers."\
Markus considered her with a frown. "You wish to reverse what you have done."\
"Yes," Elsa breathed, reluctantly hopeful. "Is there a way?"\
"Regret is not like you."\
"Regret\'85has been a part of me for as long as I can remember."\
For years and years, Elsa had managed to fool herself into believing she had no regrets. She discarded everything close to herself, and finally, her heart, so she couldn't even 
\i feel 
\i0 regret. Now she stood on the precipice. Having confessed her fear at last, Elsa felt no relief, no liberation. She was entirely under Markus' power. What he said next would either give her hope again or crush her spirit entirely.\
She watched while Markus strode towards the Mirror, hand outstretched to trace the broken surface. Even the jagged ends; but they did not cut him. As his fingers spun off the rim, he said, "With this, reclaiming your heart may be possible. You remember what I told you of the Mirror?"\
"It can\'85fulfill my desire\'85"\
And what she wanted most was to be whole again.\
"Anything is possible with its power," Markus said. "Even reversing the magic of the reliquary. But there will be sacrifices along that road, Elsa. Are you prepared?"\
Elsa gazed into the Mirror and saw her broken reflection within the shattered pieces. She had come so far already. Arendelle, Weselton, Corona, all fallen for the sake of this great task. She had once promised Anna not to kill, and she had even spared the trolls for their insolence; but that promise had been broken already. Perhaps it was in her nature. If she was ever going to be worthy of Anna, she would need to break that promise again. Anna would understand. For Anna\'85\
"I'll do whatever it takes."\
It was just an old path that she needed to take again.\
Except this time, it would lead her to Anna.\
"Thank you, Markus."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sl280\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna had tried everything in her power to wake Olaf.\
She had apologized, begged, promised a litany of increasingly useless things; promised to listen, promised to stay strong, but the snowman remained inanimate. She then resorted to threats, submitting to the fury trapped within her chest and expelling it all with vigor: cursed Olaf for his cryptic advice, cursed Pappa for his plot, and last she cursed Elsa for her horrible, horrible ultimatum. After hours of futile attempts, Anna finally sat down next Olaf and, for the first time in three days, cried. Only when the tears came did she realize she hadn't cried since Elsa left her behind. She had felt numb the whole time, like nothing that had happened was real and nothing that 
\i was
\i0  happening affected her at all. She hated feeling numb. Every sob that wracked her body felt as though her heart were gripped by seizure, but that was at least real and tangible, and like all things real, it would pass.\
She felt relieved, having finally admitted that Elsa was gone.\
Now she just had to figure out what to do.\
She couldn't sit and feel sorry for herself forever.\
"I really am sorry," Anna whispered, but Olaf made no reply. "You didn't deserve that when you were just trying to help, but I-I'll be better than that now, really. So, I'm sorry\'85and thank you."\
She wished she knew what Olaf was trying to say. But maybe it was better this way, not to have someone to rely on. She had relied on the reliquary for so long that she really thought she knew all there was to know about Elsa, that the intuitive knowledge it gave her had arisen from her own understanding. Anna still didn't know where that shard of Elsa's heart could have gone, but the truth was, without that crutch, she 
\i didn't 
\i0 understand. Even that painful ultimatum Elsa had forced on her\'97Elsa must have known how she would choose. It wasn't 
\i really 
\i0 a choice at all, only a way to make her leave. She just didn't understand why Elsa had forced her away.\
Anna walked to the door and took a deep breath, exhaling as her hand twisted the knob.\
"Time to go," Anna said, and she left her room.\
All the maids looked as though they had seen a spectre and examined her without the slightest subtlety, but Anna gave her usual greetings without pointing out their scrutiny. As luck would have it, she found Gerda at the staircase, dusting the same suit of armor in the same places over and over again. Gerda had come in to visit her during her self-imposed exile; Anna regretted how she had treated her now, with indifference that she did not deserve. Gerda had done her no wrong.\
"Gerda," Anna said, clearing her throat, and the maid jumped.\
"Heavens \'97 Princess Anna!" Gerda grabbed her and pulled her close, squeezing so tightly that Anna felt the air being pressed out of her chest. "Have you been all right? No one could understand why you locked yourself up, I've been worried sick\'97"\
"Thanks, Gerda. I'll be fine. And\'85I'm sorry about worrying you." Anna pulled away and gave a small smile, the best she could manage for now. "I've treated you horribly."\
"Oh, you\'97little\'97rascal!" Gerda punctuated each word with a sharp tap of her duster, and Anna nursed the spot on her arm. "Worry me like that again and I'll drop dead, I promise you."\
"I'm sorry."\
Gerda hugged her again, and Anna smiled into her shoulder.\
"Where's Pappa? I need to talk to him."\
"In his office," Gerda answered, and Anna immediately set off, barely catching Gerda yell, "Princess Anna! What 
\i is 
\i0 wrong?"\
She wasn't angry, Anna told herself, Pappa only did what he thought was best for Arendelle, and Elsa had unmistakably subjugated their kingdom. Anna could tell herself that as many times as she wanted, but deep down, she knew she was disappointed. Pappa hadn't been someone who would stoop so low as to assassinate anyone, pretend to be civil and plot to poison them. If he had declared his intentions nobly, even\'97but would that really be any better, Anna wondered? He would still wish harm on someone she cared about, but\'97she couldn't 
\i blame 
\i0 him for wanting to protect her, to protect Arendelle. Pappa had been dishonest as he never had been, but Anna hadn't been one to so harshly condemn anyone, either, let alone someone as innocent as Olaf; but she had done it. She was disappointed in herself. It didn't make her any less disappointed in her father.\
Anna pushed the doors open without knocking.\
Agdar wasn't doing anything. Just sitting there holding his head in his hands.\
As soon as the creaking alerted him to her presence, Agdar looked up. His mouth opened soundlessly and he stared, pale face drawn with worry. Anna closed the door behind her as Agdar pushed himself up off his desk, clutching the edge while standing half-bent. It was as though he could not decide what to do, where to go. Finally, Agdar decided to circle around the desk, arms outstretched; but before he could embrace her, Anna drew away. Agdar froze in his tracks.\
"I'm glad to see you," Agdar said, smiling tightly, and he pulled his hands behind his back.\
"Yeah," Anna whispered. "Do you\'85have time to talk?"\
"Of course, I'll always \'97 I'll always have time."\
"Enough to 
\i listen
\i0  this time?" Anna asked again, but she didn't feel any satisfaction in seeing her father flinch. She did not mean to injure. She looked away, breathing deeply through her nose, but it did little to calm her mind. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean that."\
"No," Agdar said quickly. "You're right, I haven't been a good father to you. I spent all this time caught up in my schemes. Even when I had you back, I didn't really listen to what you had to say."\
"I just\'85" Anna swallowed. "I don't understand what went wrong."\
"Let me show you something."\
Agdar walked to the drawer of his desk and, unlike any other that Anna had seen in his office, opened it with a key. He retrieved a scroll of parchment, little more than a slip that could be held between two fingers, and handed it over. Anna unraveled the scroll \'97 and forgot to breathe. It was her handwriting. Every detail behind Elsa's powers, weaknesses, countermeasures, and the absurd concentration of poison needed to affect her at all, written in her handwriting. It was so alike that even she might have believed that she had unwittingly written this, perhaps in some forgotten fervor. But...\
"You really thought I would write something like this?" Anna swallowed, nodding as though that would somehow help her wrap her head around the idea. "So this is meant to explain everything, then."\
"I should have realized that you would never do something like this\'97"\
"You really should have," Anna said.\
She crushed the letter in her hand.\
Keep calm. It was impossible to keep calm anymore.\
Think good thoughts, speak good words, do good deeds. Anna realized it was impossible. Her thoughts were vengeful, and her words were hurtful. She realized this and she could do nothing to stop it, but she also 
\i reveled 
\i0 in doing harm. How strange, that she suddenly understood what Elsa might have thought of this situation! She might be kind to Gerda still, for she had done nothing to wrong her; but Pappa? No. If people were always kind even in response to that which was unjust, then there would be no deterrence. To be struck at, she must also strike back, so that her oppressor might learn fear of their act; and having learned fear, they would not dare again. Mamma would have said that vengeance did nothing, but\'97Anna couldn't see that truth anymore.\

\i Is your father to be your enemy, then, Anna?
\i0 \
Anna quieted her conscience.\
"I'm sorry," Agdar whispered. "I never thought that\'85well."\
"You didn't think I would fall in love with her," Anna finished.\
Pappa looked pained, Anna noticed. Just as she thought he would react once he knew.\
"She's not someone worthy of your love," Agdar said.\
Anna turned around and headed for the door. "I don't think that's something for you to decide, Pappa."\
"Maybe I've lost my right to make moral judgment," Agdar said, circling around her to block off the exit. "But Elsa was, and always will be, a murderer and a tyrant. She 
\i took 
\i0 you!"\
Anna stood stock-still in contrast to Agdar's heavy breathing, his desperate breaths obvious in the rise and fall of his chest. Part of her, the part that always empathized and told her to help others, to understand their viewpoint\'97Anna had wondered if, someday, she would meet someone she couldn't uphold that creed for. She had never imagined that someone would be her father.\
She would not yield.\
"It's my decision."\
"It's not a 
\i good 
\i0 one!"\
"You think I can't make my own decisions?" Anna asked, and Agdar stilled. Was he waiting for her to keep talking? No. She wanted an answer. Her question was not rhetorical. "Do you not trust me to make my own decisions? Is that what this is about?"\
"You twist my words. I 
\i do 
\i0 trust you," Agdar said. "But Elsa\'85"\
"You don't know her like I do," Anna said. "And if you trusted me, you wouldn't 
\i need 
\i0 to. You haven't seen how she takes care of me. She's gentle, and sweet, and thoughtful\'97"\
"And she has killed hundreds, thousands of people! Those are the things I know. Have you forgotten already the devastation she brought to Arendelle? Is it really so easy to wipe that all away?"\
"Everyone deserves a second chance! None of that was her fault, Elsa's 
\i not 
\i0 like that at all!"\
Anna pushed Agdar out of the way and bolted out of the office. Childish, maybe. She couldn't bear hearing this about Elsa. She had never been subject to this harsh truth before, not when the worst anyone would say of Elsa in the Southern Isles was that she shouldn't have inherited the throne. Now, confronted with the reminder that, yes, their meeting had only been because of Elsa massacring her way through Arendelle, seizing the castle and taking power\'85\
She 
\i had 
\i0 forgotten. Or, at the very least, managed to push the other thoughts away. It was why seeing Elsa kill those soldiers and threaten Agdar had hurt so much. It reminded her of the time she hated Elsa. It reminded her that, despite everything they had been through, Elsa could still be that callous ice queen who thought nothing of taking lives, who was so withdrawn that she considered herself apart from humanity. Nothing had changed. She had hoped for it\'97Anna had said otherwise, but she had lied. She had hoped that Elsa might change, that she might be how she had been before\'85\
Before the world had turned her into what she was now.\
Happier memories returned\'97Elsa playing music, and trying so hard to impress her that she made a fool of herself; Elsa kissing her to sleep, and promising to be there when she woke; Elsa eating bad chocolates, and saying they were delicious because Anna had been the one to make them; Elsa using her powers so they could slide atop the ice and build snowmen. Not to murder and destroy.\
Could they even be the same person?\
Anna was jolted out of her thoughts by a light tap on her shoulder.\
Agdar sat down beside her on the floor of the gallery. Anna hadn't even known that this was where she ended up. Pappa didn't say anything, and she kept quiet too, the two of them sharing in silence. Anna looked up at the opposite wall, eyes tracing the familiar lines of the painting of Joan atop her horse, sword glinting with light. Was that light meant to portray divine justice? She had been a warrior too. But she was a good one, Anna thought. She had fought for things like justice, and peace, and she died a martyr while staying true to her beliefs.\
"Do you know why I always loved Joan so much, Pappa?"\
"No," Agdar said.\
"Because she was the hero. But all those history lessons you made me take," Anna laughed, "I couldn't help but think, you know, Joan killed a lot of people too."\
"She did," Agdar said. Anna snorted when he added, sounding practically compelled to flesh out the story, "Although some historians say that she never really fought. She planned many, many charges, and was there to inspire her men\'97but yes, many people died in those reckless charges."\
"Not like Elsa though," Anna said, keeping her eyes fixed on Joan. "She's not defending her country or anything. She's the one doing the invading."\
"But to be fair\'85I was the one to poison her drink."\
"You know she does it so the Southern Isles will have supplies?" Anna smiled, remembering her ride with the supply caravans. "Everything's frozen over, so they can't grow crops or anything. People need those supplies to survive."\
"\'85I didn't know that."\
"Doesn't make it right," Anna said. Off in the far end of the gallery was Archangel Michael and the Dragon. Glancing at the tiles on the floor, she was reminded of a chessboard, and of a question she once thought she answered correctly. "Wouldn't it be great if the world were black and white?"\
"It's something everyone wants."\
"But things are never that easy, huh?"\
Agdar turned his head to consider her more closely, and Anna returned his gaze. Only for a moment, before she closed her eyes and laid her head down on his shoulder, and Pappa brushed her hair like he used to whenever she had nightmares and couldn't fall back to sleep. She was too tired to cry anymore. Crying wasn't going to help anything. She just wished she knew what to do.\
"Someone else asked me that before, and I thought I knew the answer, I said that the world isn't black and white, but I \'97 I still wish it were, Pappa." Anna took a deep breath. "But I'm not going to change my mind. I'm still going to love Elsa. Even if...those things you said are true. I won't deny them, but I'm not going to lie about the way I feel."\
"...It's hard for me to accept," Agdar whispered. "I just \'97 I have always tried to protect you, Anna."\
"But you can't protect me forever, Pappa." Anna breathed slowly. She could feel the tremor in her father's shoulders. "And this time, what you did. Was it really about protecting me?"\
"...No." Agdar exhaled a deep breath. "I'm sorry. I should have known it wasn't you who sent me that note, but I...I really wanted to believe it was you. People will see what they want to see, Anna. I wanted to free you, I suppose, but I also...I was selfish. I'm sorry."\
"I know," Anna said. "I don't want you think \'97 Pappa, I really am grateful, and I know you love me, but you need to let me make my own decisions now."\
"When you left, you were still a child."\
"And I didn't have you with me anymore," Anna said. She heard Agdar's breath hitch. "I don't want to be cruel, but I was alone. I 
\i had
\i0  to learn. I'm still learning, but you have to let me."\
Neither of them said anything for a time.\
It was...comfortable.\
"You've grown up so much," Agdar murmured. "I'm so proud of you, Anna."\
"I'm still confused."\
"Understanding takes a while. What matters is that you're willing to try."\
"I don't know what to do."\
"You'll find whatever you need to do. You don't need me or anyone else telling you anymore."\
"\'85I miss her, Pappa," Anna said.\
Agdar pulled away, but he grasped her face with both hands and looked her dead in the eye. Anna had missed this about her Pappa. Now he was 
\i there 
\i0 with her, really there with her and nowhere else.\
"I know," Agdar said. "I'm sorry I ever doubted you, I'm sorry I didn't listen to you before. If this is what you want\'85then I'll support you. If you love Elsa, then I'll accept your decision."\
Anna didn't say her thanks aloud.\
She didn't need to, not really.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 39: Release, Let Free
\b0 \
Night had passed, and the morning sun rose once more. Its harsh light just barely cut through the thick stormclouds, but offered no relief from cold. Reflected off a canvas of snow, the sun's light only blinded.\
It was that sight which welcomed those curious enough to venture outside and marvel at the strange occurrence earlier that night.\
No one in the Southern Isles could miss the outpouring of magic from the castle. An errant shockwave pulsed through the tower of ice and carried through the kingdom, passing over the skin like a chill wind, or a current of electricity. Not enough to hurt, but enough to jolt anyone out of their dreams. If any of the curious had looked up at the behemoth construction, they would have seen the flash of white light flaring out through every pane of the diamond tower. If they were truly observant, they might see the light refracted into subtle multicolor through the ice.\
Still, despite the signs, the circumstances were still a mystery.\
Until bells rung from every tower and every spire, and the princes knew exactly what had transpired.\
It was a ritual that hadn't been followed since their father fell into deep sleep.\
Every morning, the bells would chime, starting with the one farthest outward from the castle, located in the archway of the gates. One by one, the rest of the bells would follow, spreading outwards from the gates to the two towers of the front castle walls, and then the two towers at the back walls, before moving inwards to the two at the back of the actual castle; and then they would wrap around again, two more towers at the front, inwards and around, inwards and around, moving to the center of the castle.\
Each bell added its own distinctive pitch to the chorus. By the toll of the final bell, all the princes were to be present in the throne room, ready to participate in their court politics, ready to give their opinion on whatever matters might be most pressing. It was partly training, and partly an exercise in control. Because, most importantly\'85\
They were to be ready to receive King Markus.\
"What's this\'85ruckus?"\
Any commotion in the court died within a second. Almost six years had passed but no one could forget the voice of iron, the voice that not only seized authority but demanded obedience. At the familiar sound, every prince stiffened and snapped to attention. Markus strode past his sons, Elsa following behind. While Markus never spared the princes a second glance, Elsa noticed they were almost as unbreathing as herself. Every click of her heels on the stone floor resounded like a dying heartbeat.\
Markus stopped just before the steps of the dais where the throne resided and, back facing towards the court, spread his arms wide. Elsa stepped closer and slid on his coat, sliding on the right arm first and then straightening the back, so that the small silver-embossed phoenix, strikingly contrasting on the black fabric, became evident. She backed away as Markus cricked his neck to adjust the wide collar, and then he took the last few steps up the dais until he stood at the throne.\
And whirled around in a mechanical motion.\
All nine princes fell to one knee with their heads bowed, eyes fixed on the floor and nowhere else. Even Hans; Alek had forfeited his spot at the front and was bracing the younger prince at the back of the line. For the first time in years, Elsa knelt at the level of the brothers, between their two rows; but she kept her head raised. Standing at the dais, Markus gazed down with ice-blue eyes, searching through their ranks. When he looked past her, Elsa tilted her head just enough to look out the corner of her eye \'97 Edmund was right behind, keeping his expression carefully neutral.\
Markus finally sat down, and only then did the princes rise to their feet.\
"Come, Elsa. Your place is at my side." Markus gestured, and Elsa slowly ascended the steps of the dais. She had done so many times now, but never to stand. Being free of the throne was a welcome relief.\
It was never comfortable. Elsa had always sat with rigid posture, back straight and arms lying flat on the rests. But Markus possessed a force of presence that she never managed to learn. She was dangerous, yes, but removed, too distant to pose a threat. Where Elsa sat all the way back, Markus kept further forward on the throne, body held at a slight bend and muscles coiled as though ready to lunge.\
"It has been many years, since I last sat here and looked upon you all," Markus said, face carved from stone. "And yet none of you look the slightest bit pleased to see me."\
"We welcome you back wholeheartedly, Father," Cyrus said quickly, and some of the others \'97 Fabian, Rafael, Oliver \'97 hurried to agree. "We have sorely missed your presence."\
"It pleases me that I have been in your thoughts," Markus said, expression never wavering. "But for what purpose was my presence so sorely missed?"\
Cyrus looked taken aback, and for a moment he stood dumbly as though numbed by frostbite, or afflicted with heatstroke. Saul stepped forward, and Elsa noted that since their last conversation, he had regained his poise. Everyone else was still thrown by Markus, but Saul was every bit as at ease as the commoner facing his crown-less father.\
"Familial bond," Saul said. "It is not so unusual that we should think of our father during his absence. But we aren't as the common, who reveal their hand without a thought. I admit to competition within us, but that need not be a vice at all. Competition pushes us forward, and your presence, Father, drives us to be our best. It is only stagnation we fear, though, of course, Elsa has led us well."\
It took every ounce of self-control for Elsa to not raise an eyebrow.\
"Fanciful words\'85but well said, Saul." Markus chuckled, the rustle of dead reeds on a dry river bank. Saul directed his gaze downward again, eyes glinting with satisfaction. "Where are the rest of the thirteen?"\
"Dead," Fabian said. Looking viciously pleased, he nodded his head towards Elsa. "Has she not told you? She killed Alvard, and Tobias. Nobody even knows what happened to Reid. And then Gustaf\'97"\
Markus jerked his head with a guttural bark of displeasure, and Fabian promptly clamped his mouth shut. "Your incompetence is becoming most taxing," Markus said, lip curling. "Did you really think I did not know? Blame no one but yourselves, and the traitorous instinct you all seem to harbor."\
Fabian dropped to the floor, on all fours, and the others followed with perhaps slightly more dignity. At least, Saul looked no less comfortable, and Alek retained his prideful expression. But the others, less secure in their worth \'97 Cyrus, whose only value came from being born before the rest; Stefan, whose art had never been appreciated; Oliver, whose inventions were seen as frivolous \'97 looked sick with fear. It was a primal thing, undisguisable. Elsa had seen the same look before when conquering kingdoms, killing. It was the face of mortal men who, before the moment of death, realized the futility of their life.\
Had Markus's sons always feared him this way? Elsa watched the proceedings, fighting to avoid frowning or furrowing her brow, or any sign that would give away her thoughts.\
"Fabian and Cyrus, always at the beck and call of their eldest brother," Markus spat. "Did I not already make known that Gustaf was no longer my heir? So why, then, did you two advocate his rule? Was I in any way unclear that 
\i Elsa 
\i0 was to be in charge of my affairs?"\
"N-No, Father," Cyrus said.\
"We were only wary that she had stolen the throne through trickery!" Fabian cried. "We had no way of communicating with you, our own father, and anything she said could have been a lie\'97"\
"Silence!" Markus slammed the throne's arm and Fabian fell silent, his face deathly pale. "So then you doubt 
\i my 
\i0 ability, that I would be so easily deceived \'97 I can assure you, wretch, that the atrophied husk that you call your brain was 
\i not
\i0  inherited from 
\i me
\i0 ."\
Partly through the scolding, Rafael had snickered. Markus now bore down on him with a baleful stare, and his sneer was gone as quickly as it came. Music was of no interest to his father.\
"As for Stefan and Rafael," Markus continued, "I have decreed, time and time again, that your efforts be placed in some 
\i worthwhile 
\i0 activity, not those foolish pursuits you dare to call the arts. Nothing but na\'efve fantasies, the immature works of children dithering in the mud. Did you take my absence as permission to waste away your lives? In that case, I see no reason for your presence here."\
Everyone looked ill, not just Stefan and Rafael, and Elsa understood at last the underlying fear they all possessed. Exile, to Baaj. Gustaf may have had immunity, but the threat still hung over their heads like the edge of a guillotine. Elsa was reminded again that Markus had once banished Ina and Odon, and that they had died. Gustaf may have deserved that fate, but his wife and child had been innocent\'85\
Elsa put the thought aside. Regardless, the fault lay with Gustaf for his betrayal. She had no sympathy for traitors, and less so for cowards who displaced punishment onto family.\
Markus turned his attention to Saul and, after a brief moment of consideration, inclined his head. "Well done, Saul. As expected of my son."\
"Oliver was of assistance," Saul said.\
Elsa looked to the tenth prince, who appeared relieved when Markus nodded. Ironic that this was most likely the reason 
\i Reid 
\i0 had followed Saul. It was too bad he was no longer here to reap the reward.\
"And Alek\'85" Markus frowned, but Alek did not prostrate himself like the rest, instead continuing to meet his father's eyes. Elsa was impressed by his poise, when the others before had been so afraid. "You are as defiant as ever, an admirable trait \'97 but preposterously misplaced. Was Alvard's approval so important to you that you would flout my command and act in opposition to Elsa?"\
Elsa saw Alek's involuntary reaction, the hitch in his breath. Covered up again as soon as it appeared, of course, but it was there, the weak joint in his armor. "I admit that I was...stubborn," Alek said.\
"A sign of a weak mind, to let others think for you," Markus snapped. "And an even worse offense because you were always 
\i better 
\i0 than Alvard, yet still you yielded to him."\
"I'm not better\'97"\
"You could be, if only you strived to leave his shadow." When Markus spoke this time, harshening voice an ugly, ugly thing, Alek flinched. "Comfort yourself, perhaps, but basking in mediocrity is beneath you!"\
"Alek isn't mediocre."\
All eyes turned to the back of the court.\
Even Elsa was surprised by the small but firm voice daring to interrupt Markus; Hans, looking pitifully weak while seated in a wheelchair, didn't waver at the scrutiny. Elsa just now noticed something different about the way he spoke. She had once loathed his voice, the sinuous quality of his baritone a paper-thin disguise for deceit. Condescension had dripped from every word he spoke, and Elsa could imagine him saying that same sentence before \'97 
\i Alek isn't mediocre
\i0  \'97 and following with some backhanded comment \'97 
\i Alek is already trying his best, Alek will learn from his mistakes \'97
\i0  but now, no longer. Without that edge, Hans was\'85agreeable.\
Markus leaned forward, neck craning to get a better look at Hans. If Markus shared her respect, it was lost on Elsa. One glance at the crippled legs and his lips pursed. "Do continue. If you think I am 
\i wrong
\i0 , then I will hear your words."\
"Alek has done more for the Southern Isles than any of us," Hans said. At his side, Alek motioned vainly for him to stop. "If not for him, countless more would be dead, taken from their homes and tortured."\
"Ahh, yes\'85your exploits together have made you close." Markus drew back, slowly. "Though does it not sting, Hans, that you were the one to be so debilitated?"\
"I intended to die," Hans said, lips curving into a smile.\
"...Were you not afraid?" Markus asked. Not often was he surprised, but his voice contained a fervent element, as though the thought of 
\i intending 
\i0 to die was both unthinkable and yet horribly fascinating.\
"No, I looked forward to resting; I thought that was bravery\'85but that was just as cowardly as clinging to life without purpose." At those words, muscles twitched in Markus's jaw. Edmund, too, who had been looking down the whole time, glanced over. "Alek and Anna came back for me, and they stayed with me. I'm grateful that I can be here today\'85and that I can let go of self-pity, and be something better."\
Elsa had watched him as he spoke, but Hans ended his speech by looking not at Markus, but at her, and she wondered if that was intentional. When they made eye contact, he nodded, soft smile returning. It 
\i was 
\i0 because of what she said to him once, then.\
"I think," Elsa said quietly, "Alek and Hans are both worthy of praise."\
At once, Elsa received incredulous glances from all the princes. She would have 
\i enjoyed 
\i0 watching them be berated, once. After suffering all their plotting and disapproval, she thought she would have taken pleasure in watching Markus break their self-righteousness. But, now that the time was here for her long-awaited deliverance, Elsa found that she did not. She was 
\i tired 
\i0 of this wordplay. She was 
\i tired 
\i0 of constantly being on edge. She didn't understand why Markus felt the need to chastise each of his sons.\
Elsa had never been under any illusion that Markus was loving, not like how Agdar was with Anna. Markus had high expectations, and he was stern, strict, ungenerous with his affection. When she was still a child, Elsa had often found herself wishing, after rigorous training without a hint of mercy, that Markus could be the father who showered her with attention. Coaxing even a smile from him was a momentous task, and praise was as rare as summer snow; but she had believed that Markus 
\i did 
\i0 love, underneath the cold exterior.\
It scared her to find herself thinking otherwise.\
Markus looked over at her, frowning. Elsa rather felt like he was pondering a puzzle.\
"\'85You're right, of course," Markus said, motioning for the princes to rise. "It seems that, in my disappointment, I may have been overly harsh." Murmurs to the contrary arose, but they quieted once Markus held up his hand. "No, I make no excuses. It pained me that my children fought amongst themselves, and allowed this fortunate fate, which binds us together as family, to fall into disarray."\
"We will follow Hans' example, then, and learn from our mistakes," Saul said, not quite bowing, but he inclined his head at his estranged brother, and the others followed his lead. Alek squeezed Hans' arm.\
Elsa relaxed, relieved that the atmosphere had calmed somewhat. She was being unreasonable, paranoid just like Anna used to joke about \'97 but best not to think about Anna at the moment, best to keep her thoughts in the present. It wasn't so surprising that Markus had not yet adjusted after his long sleep. Anyone would be disoriented, and couldn't that cause unpredictable moods?\
"Now that you all understand my expectations\'97!" Markus cut off mid-sentence, doubling over and breaking into hacking coughs. Even behind the cover of his hand the wet noise of rising blood and phlegm was audible, and every time he tried to contain them, the coughs only redoubled. Elsa knew better than to try and assist. She held up her hand for the rest to stay where they were. After taking long breaths, Markus straightened, eyes red-rimmed and watery.\
"Father, you need to rest\'97"\
"I have rested enough," Markus bit out, but the pain was obvious in his drawn face. "We have much to discuss, much work to be done\'85"\
Another round of coughs erupted, stronger than the last. Scorch marks burned onto the throne's arm where Markus clenched the stone, and this time, he waved his free hand to dismiss the princes. After reading the dismissal in his glance, Elsa, too, stepped down from the dais. When she passed Saul, she murmured, "Stay and look after Markus." Saul nodded, and Elsa continued on her way.\
She'd looked forward to this reunion, this reprieve, for years.\
She thought she'd be happier.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 In the Great Hall, Elsa was surprised to see Edmund waiting.\
"Hey, Sis!" Edmund waved and kicked off the wall he had been leaning on, bounding toward her with a hop, skip, and a jump. "I was wondering if you maybe wanted to play some chess. Been a while, huh?"\
"It\'85has been," Elsa said.\
At one time, Elsa would have found some excuse to say no, if not simply refused outright. Not because she disliked Edmund. On the contrary, he was one of the few she trusted, even after \'97 or perhaps especially because of \'97 the debacle with Gustaf. But Elsa had once believed that she liked to be alone. She would have thought retreating to her quarters and drowning herself in work, or training, or any other distraction was better. Now, though, silence just reminded her of what \'97 
\i who 
\i0 \'97 was missing.\
"Uhh, Sis\'85?"\
"Lead the way," Elsa said.\
Edmund grinned and did just that, taking her down the hall to the princes' wing. Last time she was here, Elsa realized, she had destroyed Edmund's door. She wondered if she should apologize, or if mentioning that incident would just make everything awkward all over again. Anna would probably bring it up, trip over her words while blurting out an apology, and manage to smooth things over by sheer force of personality. Elsa doubted she could manage half as well.\
Once they arrived in the common area, Elsa was surprised to see a chessboard already laid out on the table. She sent a questioning glance Edmund's way.\
"Oh, I come out here and play by myself when I have trouble sleeping," Edmund explained, collapsing on the sofa facing the entryway. Scooting over closer to the fireplace placed strategically between the two couches, he warmed his hands. "I was actually playing right before the bells started ringing."\
"Does that happen\'85often?" Elsa asked, claiming the other seat.\
Edmund only smiled into the flames, but that was answer enough. Elsa could understand, having suffered enough nightmares and restless nights to last her a lifetime. Both of them had the same weariness in their eyes, the same forced energy that was stretched tight.\
"All right! Let's get started," Edmund said. He had already begun to arrange the white pieces before pausing and looking up guiltily. "Oh, shoot, sorry. Mind if I'm White?"\
"Go ahead," Elsa said. She preferred White too, but Edmund had always been fixated on exclusively playing White. She could be flexible.\
"So I'm not trying to grill you or anything, but\'85" Edmund sent a pawn forward. Elsa watched him warily, unsure if this whole outing was only a charade to ask about Markus. "Have you ever thought about opening a clothing store?"\
Not quite what she had been expecting.\
"\'85What?"\
"Think about it!" Edmund waved his second pawn around, making gestures that Elsa assumed was a poor impersonation of her magic. "You can make fabric, right? It would be crazy good for the economy."\
"Edmund, we don't 
\i have 
\i0 an economy anymore," Elsa said. "Not to mention no one would want clothing made out of ice. I'm the only one who can wear them."\
"Oh. It's just that I remember Anna wearing that one dress\'85"\
Elsa stiffened, distracting herself by immediately moving a piece after Edmund set his pawn down. "Well, she was the exception."\
"Was?" Edmund sobered. Several turns passed in silence before he spoke again, bishop crossing two spaces. "Sorry, I didn't mean to bring up\'85well, you know."\
"It's fine."\
Silence again, broken only by the crackling of the fireplace. Truthfully, Elsa still felt uncomfortable being close to one. Every now and then, her gaze flickered towards the flames, and inevitably she remembered the repressed memory of her parents, and fire searing her skin. She rubbed the back of her hand, and looked up. Edmund was still fidgeting, frowning intensely as he stared at the board.\
"Really," Elsa said, smiling when Edmund jumped. "I told you, I'm fine."\
"I'm sure everything will work itself out in the end," Edmund said, grinning weakly again at the sight of her smile. "Just as long as you have hope."\
"You really\'85remind me of Anna," Elsa admitted.\
"She told me once to have faith, and that really stuck with me."\
Several more moves passed, and now that the air seemed cleared between them, Elsa put more attention into the game. Edmund had arranged his pieces into a strange formation she had never seen before, seemingly pointless. "What kind of opening are you using?"\
"Huh?" Edmund looked down and, after studying the board, groaned. "Damn. Yeah, I didn't actually mean to do that. Whoops."\
"Do you want to restart?"\
"Nah, I'll keep going."\
If Edmund was willing to forgo his first-move advantage with a failed opening, Elsa wasn't going to complain. While he lingered over his next move, chewing on his lip and apparently thinking of a way to salvage the situation, Elsa debated whether or not she should divulge how Markus asked after him. If it might be helpful, she supposed, she ought to tell him.\
"When I woke Markus, he specifically asked me about you," Elsa said, eyebrows rising when Edmund paused midway through moving his knight. "I'm not sure why, but I just thought you should know."\
"Lucky he passed over me during the whole dressing-down thing, then."\
After Elsa moved her own knight to defend, Edmund advanced a pawn. She had no idea what he was planning, if he was even planning anymore. It drove away her knight, but there didn't seem to be any offensive value in the move. Nothing was threatening her position at all. Elsa took his bishop handily.\
"And you have no idea why he asked about you?" Elsa continued.\
"I'm as confused as you are," Edmund said, and then, "Checkmate."\
Confused, Elsa looked down. Without her noticing, Edmund had advanced his queen to the h-file, cornering her king. She looked for any moves that she could make, but Edmund was right. She was completely blocked off, and now she saw the cleverness of his play. Even though he had never posed a 
\i direct 
\i0 threat, he had always been positioning his pieces in the best possible location for a decisive attack.\
"\'85I lost."\
"The Stonewall Attack," Edmund explained. "But I'm sure you would have noticed if you weren't so distracted. It's the only way I can win against you, I think."\
"You're selling yourself short. It was impressive," Elsa said.\
"Best two out of three?"\
"Doesn't the loser usually request that, and not the victor?"\
Both of them tilted their heads at the same time.\
Edmund smiled. Before he could say anything more, they were interrupted by heavy footsteps. Where he was seated, Edmund only had to look up; Elsa twisted around, and saw Markus approaching. Midway between the archway and where they were seated, he paused. Apparently he had been so focused on his youngest son that he missed her presence entirely.\
"Your presence here surprises me, Elsa," Markus said.\
"We were playing chess," Elsa said, gesturing towards the board. "If you wanted to speak with Edmund, I can leave and come back once you two are done."\
"\'85No, that will be unnecessary." Markus moved toward the windows, staring out into the snow with his back turned toward them and arms held at the base of his spine. "It occurred to me\'85that I might have been thoughtless. I never even thought to speak to you, Edmund."\
"Yeah, but our group meeting pretty much covered everything," Edmund said. Sitting between them, Elsa adjusted to observe both father and son.\
"Perhaps," Markus said, lingering over the last syllable. Carefully watching out of the corner of his eye, he added, "Though I was concerned you would be\'85distraught\'85about Gustaf's passing."\
Edmund smiled tightly, rubbing the white queen between his thumb and index. "But I don't understand. Why would you be worried about only me\'85Father?"\
"Of course, all of us grieve for him. But I realize you two were particularly close," Markus said. Elsa noticed how he continued to keep watch on Edmund, and it was just the way he had taught her, once, to read people. Offer tiny tidbits of information in exchange for what you wanted, gauge reactions to certain reveals, and file them away for analysis. "Gustaf cared for you, more than he did anyone."\
"I'll be fine. We were close, but this is just the way things needed to happen." Edmund set the queen down, watching Markus in much the same way as the king watched him. "But, you were close to Gustaf also. It must hurt you too."\
"Ahh. Yes, I suppose." Markus moved his hands to the front, out of their view, and Elsa nearly frowned. It was unlike him to be so cautious. "I remember when he was only a squirming babe, and my feelings then\'85my feelings. They worm their way into our lives\'85 and they could be anything, perhaps."\
"\'85Yeah. Maybe."\
"Gustaf was not as I hoped." Markus turned entirely, and smiled. "But no more of these sad things. Back to you, Edmund. Have I ever told you how much you resemble your mother?"\
"Just a few times," Edmund said.\
Elsa had only seen a portrait of Edmund's mother once, an obscure woman who had died during childbirth, and there was little record of her anywhere. From what she remembered, they looked nothing alike. In fact, Edmund looked nothing like Markus, or even any of his twelve brothers.\
"I 
\i am 
\i0 sorry I have never told you much about her," Markus said.\
"I've never wondered much about my mother," Edmund said. Markus seemed quite alarmed when he rose from his seat, and even Elsa watched with some trepidation when he approached Markus. "I'd rather appreciate what's in front of me. I'm glad that I have my father here again."\
Before Markus could react, Edmund hugged him.\
Elsa smiled at the sight. Edmund had buried his face in his father's chest, and Markus looked uncertain of how to react. He held his arms stiffly in the air, eyes widened with incredulous panic, so Elsa nodded encouragingly. Even then, Markus didn't react. Some spasm of conflict passed through his face, the stony features rendering themselves vulnerable for a brief, brief instant.\
"Yes," Markus whispered. "I suppose I can start over with you."\
Finally, Markus closed his arms around Edmund, smoothing his hair with one hand.\
Elsa smiled, and left them alone.\
It was a warming sight.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Another title for this chapter is "Cognitive Dissonance and Rampant Foreshadowing," but hey. No Anna this chapter, but don't worry, she'll make her return in the next. We're getting so close to the end, guys! Thanks for all of your encouragement.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 40: There Are No Limits
\b0 \

\i Release, let free. 
\i0 \

\i There are no limits.
\i0 \
Elsa clenched her teeth, hands curling into claws as she dragged them up, and two walls of ice rose in unison. Each one loomed over five meters high, covered with irregular spikes that jutted out without pattern. In between them stood Markus, eyes narrowed as the barbed walls blocked off his escape. Elsa threw out her right hand and the snow at her feet rippled forward, collecting and building into an avalanche by the time it reached the king. She could see nothing of him beyond the great flood of white.\
And that was when an opaque grey wall materialized, simply appearing, fully formed, where there had been nothing before. Its surface erupted into black flames just as the avalanche reached. Snow struck the wall with a thunderous crash, and for a moment there seemed to be a stalemate, the snow surging forward, the flames stubbornly spreading. Until, finally, the flames spread onto the snow and the avalanche folded. It was consumed, only feeding harmlessly into the hissing flames, and reduced, bit by bit, until nothing remained. Markus stood unharmed. Elsa drew her hand back, bowing her head.\
"Again!" Markus barked, and Elsa corrected her stance. "You are not trying hard enough. I expect more than this halfhearted effort!"\
Ice always came from the inside, from her heart and soul, and Elsa only conducted the cold magic outwards. It was free-flowing, like a river of energy coursing through her body. Not like lightning. Lightning originated from the outside, and it backlashed, so that she felt the jolts up her arm, and the numbing recoil, and the horrible pain just as someone would when struck.\
It helped fuel the necessary rage.\
Elsa drew on her frustration from the realization that she had actually regressed, that she had managed to become 
\i weaker
\i0  over the years, that she had still made no progress towards the Mirror, toward anything. Pain bled up her arm and to her chest, like a suffocating pressure crushing down on her person, but the magic built as she knew it would. Blue-white electricity formed at her fingertips.\
She launched it forward, eyes tracking the trajectory, calculating the angles and taking in details no one else could have followed. Lightning struck the wall and the flames parted, revealing the vulnerable inner layer of crystal shadow that shattered upon impact. Markus leapt out of the way, tumbling into the snow, but avoided the bolt of lightning as it passed over his head.\
No time to celebrate her small victory; Markus was back on his feet within a second, launching small blasts of shadow from both hands. It was exactly the same as the Sorcerer's magic, and the sight of the purple miasma shared between father and son unnerved her enough that she reacted a half-second slower than she ought. One clipped her side before she could dodge, scalding her skin like burning oil. Whenever she used lightning, her automatic defense was down.\
"Concentrate!"\
Elsa bit past the pain and rocketed away from the barrage, propelled by bursts of cold air from the base of her feet. She whipped the lightning at Markus, forcing the king to halt his attack. Where the line of lightning struck the ground, all the snow cleared, revealing a deep gouge of blackened earth. Elsa flew around the field, throwing bursts of electricity, but Markus was too nimble. It was the same half-shadow form the Sorcerer had taken, so that he slithered with an oscillating tail of darkness, moving much too fast for her to pin down with linear attacks.\
She had been fooled, once.\
Elsa summoned walls of ice all around, though Markus paid it no heed. She didn't expect him to. Markus crushed the hastily made blocks in his path, but she continued to summon them, faster than he could break them down. Maybe he realized her plan; Markus soon turned and headed straight for her, but Elsa shoved him back with a gust of air, forcing him closer to the walls. Feeling a surge of satisfaction, Elsa directed her lightning onto the ice. It rebounded off a wall, shattering it with an earsplitting explosion. Though Markus avoided that one, the dodge brought him close to another wall and the lightning ricocheted there next, and then the next wall, and the next. Wherever he went, the lightning followed, tracking his movements so quickly it appeared all the ice exploded simultaneously.\
When the smoke cleared, Markus lay on his back.\
"I yield," Markus said, and only then did Elsa let her lightning dissipate.\
At the sidelines of the courtyard where they trained, Edmund jumped to his feet and clapped. Not many others had the courage to be anywhere close during these matches. It had always been something of a ritual that she and Markus train together, though obviously the practice had been suspended. Now that Markus was back, their training resumed. Markus had not been pleased that she let her skills atrophy.\
"Do not allow yourself to fall behind in your training again," Markus chided.\
"Of course."\
"But Father, Elsa won," Edmund said, grinning wildly. While Markus glowered, Edmund sent Elsa a thumbs-up. "Good show on both sides, but I gotta hand this one to Sis."\
"Markus trained me well," Elsa said.\
"You, Edmund, would do well to learn humility from Elsa," Markus said, shaking his head, but then his gaze sharpened and he turned away from both of them. It almost seemed, Elsa thought, like he didn't want Edmund to see his expression. "Although\'85perhaps your opinion of the match may be of worth."\
"Oh, I was just kidding around. I don't know a thing about magic, but hey, looks cool." Edmund shrugged, and Markus, strangely, seemed satisfied enough by the lackadaisical answer. Without so much as a farewell, he headed inside, leaving Elsa to continue training on her own.\
"You're staying?" Elsa asked, noticing that Edmund made no move to follow.\
"Not like I have anything else to do. Maybe I'll learn something." Edmund smiled, making wild motions with his hands. "So, Sis, I could probably hel\'97!"\
And then Edmund abruptly fell silent, entire body stilling.\
"Is something wrong\'85?"\
Elsa never finished her question. Releasing a choked gasp, Edmund fell to his knees, clawing at his shirt, clutching his chest with curled hands like he could claw his way through to his heart. Elsa immediately knelt next to him, but she had no idea what could have caused this \'97 Edmund's face screwed up in a grimace of pain, eyes widening so much that every vein was visible. Before long, he fell over completely on all fours, doubled over, uttering guttural moans.\
"Edmund!" Elsa exclaimed, but the boy was long past answering. Both his hands were gripping his head now, knuckles white with the force of his grip. His screams were terrible things. Elsa had heard many screams before \'97 of pain, of terror, of anger, of all those base, human emotions \'97 but never this animalistic howl. Every primal shriek ended in a high-pitched whine, as though Edmund were being unmade and his humanity was slipping away.\
With great force of will, Edmund forced his head up an inch, just enough to look into her eyes, and Elsa thought she saw a kindred spirit. Elsa braced him as best she could, and just barely caught his whisper, spoken with a voice so desperate that she could tell every 
\i second 
\i0 was precious to him.\
"
\i Help me
\i0 \'97
\i !
\i0 "\
And then the desperate plea died, replaced by the groans once more. She could do nothing for him. She yelled for help, unsure whether or not to even 
\i try 
\i0 to move Edmund, but none came. She only watched helplessly until he fell silent. Edmund had blacked out.\
And he was not breathing.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was impossible to get into the Southern Isles.\
Anna remembered her arrival, and how heavy icebreakers had been needed to get anywhere near the frozen docks. Arendelle possessed those types of ships too, but the majority had been damaged during Elsa's invasion, and afterward, their resources had been funneled away. But even if the icebreakers were functional, their effectiveness was doubtful. They did little during the invasion, and there was no reason to believe they would be any more helpful in cracking the ice around the Southern Isles.\
But that was fine, because Anna didn't intend to go back.\
Not yet, anyway.\
She wanted to, more than anything, but nothing had changed. Elsa had forced her away. It was never a choice Anna had been given. Elsa had wanted Anna to stay, but she still forced her away, and Anna trusted Elsa enough to know there 
\i had 
\i0 to be a good reason. She didn't know why, but maybe even Elsa didn't know why. It just had to be that way, maybe. Anna had faith.\
But going back now, eventually this would all repeat itself. Everything that went wrong and everything that 
\i was 
\i0 wrong between them still existed. Not just what happened with the assassination. It wasn't the root of the problem. Anna couldn't put words to her feeling, but they had both always realized, deep down, that something was wrong, that something between them had always been\'85unbalanced.\
It was the feeling she had, once, right before they came to Arendelle.\
It was the feeling when Elsa thought she was losing herself and would have accepted any tether to reality, and Anna told her, "I won't let that happen." It was the feeling when Elsa broke down in tears, and Anna saw every bit of vulnerability, every hint of potential, and then told her, "I can be your heart." Anna had said those things and felt disturbed rather than relieved. She felt guilty. Because when Elsa looked at her with that reverent gaze, like an apostle witnessing deliverance\'85\
It was so very 
\i wrong
\i0 , somehow.\
Anna sighed.\
"It just 
\i has 
\i0 to be complicated\'85"\
She wasn't complaining. Nothing worth it was ever simple.\
Anna put the thought away to focus on the road. Winter was coming, bringing with it the familiar smell of wood smoke, and cold, dry air that stung in her lungs. During the early mornings, the cobblestone paths were slick with frost remaining from the nightly chill. Knowing her, she would acquire a new set of bruises by the end of the day.\
It was worth it, though, to see the lights.\
She stood in the marketplace, gazing up at the long strings of lanterns decorating every vendor and stall. Almost all the Yuletide decorations were up by now, and wee-hour workers were quietly putting on the finishing touches to the ensemble as she walked by. In the dim hours of dawn, the lanterns glowed almost as brightly as they would during the night, flickering orange and yellow opposite of the borealis in the sky. Elsa had promised to see them with her, but there she was, alone.\
Elsa would have liked seeing the lights, Anna decided.\
She moved on from the marketplace, which had never been her destination.\
It had been an impulsive decision born from an even more abrupt thought. Once it took hold, Anna couldn't ignore the idea. Maybe it wouldn't help anything, and maybe it was just because she was still clinging to what had already passed, but Anna decided to revisit the places she had been to with Elsa.\
She went to the wreckage of Elsa's home before anywhere else.\
It was strange how well she remembered the path; Anna had never considered herself good with directions, but for having been there only once, she navigated the isolated, mountainous path with surprising expertise. It was the same way with all her memories of Elsa, though. She remembered everything down to the last detail, every word, every minute sensation. She could never forget.\
Least of all this place.\
Past the outlying village outside the main castle town, and even farther still, isolated homes dotted the countryside like ants on a hill. Elsa's old home lay at the base of a mountain like an enduring scar on the landscape. Even from afar, Anna could see the damage, not just contained to the house but the entire surrounding area. Lightning had burned so deeply that scorch marks still striped the ground, radiating outwards from the house in all directions to form a snowflake.\
It was a little surprising that after so many years, the ruins still stood undisturbed. It was as though nature had seen fit to preserve the momentous occasion. Anna approached, somehow feeling like she was trespassing on hallowed ground. Elsa might have had leave to come here, but she, alone, did not.\
Most of the snow had melted. It wasn't particularly warm, not when winter was at their doorstep, but only patches of ice remained of the field of snow Elsa had created. Maybe this had been normal snow, melting as any snow would when exposed to the sun. But though Olaf had been born here, crafted from this same snow, he hadn't melted, not even in his inanimate state. Maybe his magic was special. It gave Anna some hope that he would eventually come back.\
Anna crouched down next to the rubble, taking a moment to just take in the sheer level of destruction. Elsa had done this when she was eight years old. How terrified must she have been, to manifest lightning and collapse the house, burn the wood into charcoal and reduce the charcoal further into ash? Did she have any neighbors, Anna wondered? Did no one realize that Elsa was being abused?\
"I wish you were here right now," Anna murmured. "We should have talked about a lot more than we did. You never 
\i could 
\i0 bring yourself to be honest with me."\
She was distracted by a flash of color underneath the mound of wood slats and planks. Amidst the dull brown and black, the hint of blue shone enough to be visible through the spaces between the boards. Anna grabbed the edge of a plank and, standing back up, plied it off with one great heave. She tossed it aside. Repeating the process to clear the space, she finally uncovered the source of the blue gleam.\
It was an orchid.\
Slowly, Anna brushed away the soot covering the petals, digging into the dirt with her fingers to free more of the flower, and she saw there were 
\i more 
\i0 sprouts poking through the ashes, just beginning to grow. Were these the flowers Elsa's family had grown? Or were they newcomers, taking root once the area was cleared? Anna rubbed one of the petals between her fingers, marveling at the waxy, velvety texture. Unveined, unmarked, completely blue. It looked almost unreal, like ice shaped into a flower.\
"Do you like them?"\
Anna whirled around.\
And froze at the impossible sight that greeted her, the little girl who seemed to know her thoughts. She only stood there and waited silently, patient smile on her face, while Anna tried and failed to understand what was going on. Standing in front of her was a blue-eyed girl with platinum blonde hair woven into a single braid behind her back. Her face was one Anna had seen, once, in a memory.\
"I liked the flowers too," Elsa said, and she began to hum while waiting for Anna to respond.\
"Why\'85?" Anna cleared her throat. She wanted to reach out, but her hands shook too much, and Anna restrained herself with every ounce of self-control that she had. Seeing this child version of Elsa \'97 happy as she never was anymore, not even when they were together \'97 hurt more than anything. She'd thought she could 
\i heal 
\i0 Elsa somehow. It hurt to realize she had never been enough. "You aren't real."\
"Maybe not," Elsa agreed.\
"Then why are you here?" Anna was sure she no longer had the piece of Elsa's reliquary. Nothing was showing her memories. But even if that were the case, she hadn't been able to interact the last time.\
"Places like these are special," Elsa said.\
"I'm probably going crazy."\
Elsa giggled. Just like she would as an adult, she covered her mouth to muffle the sound, and Anna realized with a pang that Elsa had always possessed that habit. It hadn't been a recent addition, not something learned for courtly manners. She never knew. She'd just attributed it to Markus.\
"Since you're going crazy anyway\'85" Elsa grinned, eyes brightening with mischief that Anna had only seen once or twice before, and ran toward the mountains. "Follow me!"\
"Wait!" Anna leapt to her feet. Elsa had already run halfway up the slope, but she stopped and gestured for her to follow. Every bit of common sense told Anna that this was a bad idea. Following strange child-version apparitions of people was just 
\i asking 
\i0 for trouble\'85but then again, most things she did were asking for trouble. Anna groaned. "Damn it, I need to stop doing these stupid things. Wait for me!"\
While the path began docile enough, that impression quickly soured when the mountain shifted from mere rock to woodland. Elsa seemed to have no concern for terrain, running directly into the deepest part of the forest, but Anna lingered and eyed the route with suspicion. If there was a path, it had long since been overgrown by a twisting tangle of branches and thickets. Trees grew so densely that hardly any light managed to filter through the canopy of evergreen leaves; Elsa was like a beacon, the bright blue of her dress enough to illuminate the way.\
"Aren't you coming?" Elsa asked.\
Anna cursed her own curiosity when Elsa kept going, practically dancing as she spun past the bumpy road and twirled around stray branches. She obviously had no trouble navigating, but meanwhile, Anna fought every step of the way. More than once she slipped on a stray stone, or had her coat snagged by the thick maze of branches. It was the strangest of forests. She couldn't hear anything that should have lived inside, neither birdsong nor the chitter of insects, and there was none of the damp smell of a forest, only the sharpness of pine. Anna ignored it in favor of concentrating on where she was going.\
Elsa always waited for her a ways ahead, hiding giggles at her misfortune.\
"Are we there yet?" Anna asked.\
"Who's the kid here?" Elsa replied, taking off again.\
They seemed to spend as much time going down as up, half the time passing through territory that would have made a mountain goat hesitant. But Anna was determined. Brambles plucked at her arms and legs, ripped her clothing and tore at her hair, but she continued. She had no idea where she was even going, but when had she ever been sure of anything, with Elsa? It wasn't anything new. Her chest was bruised and her body was battered from head to toe, but Anna went on.\
What seemed like hours passed before Elsa finally stopped.\
Anna hadn't noticed the air grow warmer, but when she stumbled to a halt, gasping for breath, the steam vents became obvious. She could tell they were in a valley of some sort, an open clearing with terraces, but nothing looked out of the ordinary except for a pile of rocks. Anna looked back and saw Elsa's old home at the bottom of the cliff. It wasn't far, actually, though the walk certainly felt torturous. It shouldn't have taken as long as it did to get here.\
"I might have taken a few detours," Elsa admitted, looking down and picking at the bottom of her dress. When Anna didn't say anything, she abandoned her show of repentance and grinned. "Sorry! I just like spending time with you, I had fun."\
"You were a 
\i brat
\i0 , Elsa," Anna said, but she grinned back and reached out to pat the girl on the head.\
Her hand passed right through.\
Anna jerked away, but her shock faded into acceptance soon enough. She shouldn't have expected anything different. Elsa was not this child anymore. Elsa had grown up and become queen of the Southern Isles, wiped away all of her past so that none of this remained.\
"Why'd you bring me here?" Anna asked quietly.\
"You'll see," Elsa said. She stepped backwards into the clearing, keeping her wide blue eyes on Anna. Her grin was replaced by a somberness that didn't belong on her face, the face of a child. Suddenly, Anna thought, she resembled the grown-up Elsa. "Just promise not to forget me again."\
"Again?"\
But before Anna ever got an answer, Elsa disappeared. She was left alone in the valley, surrounded by rocks and nothing else. What was the point? Was there ever a point at all? No matter which Elsa she was dealing with, they were always the same. Anna kicked the ground and slumped down next to the rocks, holding her head in her hands. She didn't know what she had been expecting. She wondered, now, if she had really seen that child, or whether she just missed Elsa 
\i that 
\i0 much\'97\
She was interrupted by rumbling.\
Anna scrambled to her feet, watching openmouthed as the stones quivered in place and then began to roll into formation towards the center of the clearing. One came close to trampling her feet, and Anna jumped aside with a yelp, eyeing the rest as they approached. Over a hundred boulders congregated in the center, arranged in several rings with Anna in the middle. She felt oddly\'85scrutinized.\
By rocks.\
"Today just cannot get any weirder\'85"\
And that was when one of the stones unfurled itself into a little fat man complete with cape.\
Anna shrieked. She took it back. She wasn't going to be surprised by anything anymore. She was going to run, pack her bags, and find herself a nice place to relax because obviously, the stress was getting to her head. When she started calming down and noticed the stone-man wincing, though, she felt guilty. It couldn't have been pleasant listening to her scream. Could stone-men hear anything? It had ears\'85\
"Umm, I'm sorry," Anna said.\
She had a second shock when the stone-man smiled, revealing pearly white teeth \'97 Anna decided she didn't need to know how that worked \'97 and said, voice deep like grating boulders, "It's quite all right. But are you sure you don't recognize what I am, Anna?"\
"Oh, I-I'm sorry, I don't think I've ever seen anything quite like\'85you?" Anna took a closer look anyway, words trailing off when she noticed that the unfurling stone-creatures, with their stout humanoid features and bright smiles, rather resembled something out of the folktales she had been told as a child. It was with awe and childish wonder that she exclaimed, "Trolls! I didn't know you guys really existed!"\
"Indeed! You may call me Pabbie."\
Chuckling, Pabbie gestured all around him.\
"Welcome, Anna, to the Valley of the Living Rock."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 All the princes were gathered outside Edmund's room, having waited in silent vigil for the greater part of the day. After Edmund fell unconscious, Elsa had rushed him to Saul. Markus was nowhere to be seen; Elsa had delivered the news earlier and the man said nothing, only waved her away with such a drained, resigned motion that Elsa barely recognized him as Markus. Now, Saul finally emerged from Edmund's room. Elsa knew already from the stiffness of his features that there had been little progress.\
"What's wrong with him?" Elsa asked.\
"I've never seen or heard of anything like this before," Saul said, and mingled fascination and frustration in his voice. Saul never did like enigmas he couldn't figure out. "It's almost like he's been poisoned, but slowly, over the last 
\i decade 
\i0 or more."\
Fabian frittered like an old housemaid at the mention of poison, demanding to know more, but Elsa cut him off with a dark stare.\
Saul continued, "Frankly, I've taken a look at him before and noticed this same problem. I originally believed the damage was residual from what the Sorcerer did. Or, I suppose, what Gustaf did."\
"But it is not?" Elsa asked.\
"No," Saul said, frowning again. "I don't even understand how he's been up and about for so long."\
"Could this be inherited from Markus?"\
"Father's illness comes from old age and trauma from his battles, exacerbating a defect in his lungs," Saul said. "Whatever affliction Edmund has? It's completely ravaged all of his body. Judging from the state of his body\'85Edmund should have died a long time ago."\
Elsa's gaze flickered to the door, and she could almost imagine the boy lying prone on his bed, weak and helpless, his normal energy replaced by the silence of sickness. None of this made sense. Edmund had been healthy just days ago, just 
\i hours 
\i0 ago. She had never once even seen him sick with the common flu before this, and to be told that he should be dead? No. Edmund would live. Edmund 
\i had 
\i0 to live.\
"There must be something you can do," Elsa said again.\
"It would help if I knew what was wrong with him. Well, the closest thing I've seen would be\'85" Saul clamped his mouth shut, face paling so suddenly that it seemed the blood had drained out of his body.\
"What?" Elsa asked.\
"It's nothing," Saul said quickly.\
Was it that bad? Some incurable disease, perhaps. Elsa waved the others away and they departed, some grateful for the reprieve, others genuinely concerned. She pushed the door open and walked closer to the one brother who openly accepted her as family. Edmund did not lie prone as she imagined. Instead, he writhed in constant pain, skin cracking and splitting apart. When he noticed her approach, his eyes flew open and fixed her with a glassy, bloodshot gaze.\
"
\i Get away from me!" 
\i0 \
"Edmund\'97?" Elsa stepped closer and laid a hand on his shoulder, but the boy immediately shook her off and curled up into fetal position. "Are you\'85all right\'85?"\
"Get away, away, away, away, away, away, away, away," Edmund muttered, and that was when Elsa realized \'97 Edmund wasn't awake. "I'm running out of time, I need more time, I need more light!"\
Elsa backed away and let him rest.\
She needed to tell Markus.\
It was her intention to head to the throne room, where Markus often deliberated. Elsa strode through the long hallway of the princes' wing, passing each and every one of their rooms, and just when she was about to reach the end, she noticed that the door to the first was slightly ajar. Nobody was supposed to be here. Elsa carefully pushed it open another crack, and she peered through.\
Markus was standing in Gustaf's room, clutching one of the bedposts. Elsa could not understand. Markus was staring into nothingness with an utterly broken expression, holding the post so tightly, leaning so heavily and admitting such 
\i weakness 
\i0 as he never did, as though his whole world had collapsed and he needed that support. She pushed the door open slowly, so the creak would alert him.\
"Markus," Elsa said, "Edmund is not recovering."\
"I know," Markus said. "But nothing can be done."\
"How can you know?"\
Markus said nothing.\
"I believe there is a way," Elsa said, and Markus turned. "If the Mirror is powerful enough to fix me, and to cure your illness, then perhaps, for Edmund, also\'85?"\
"\'85Yes," Markus breathed. "Of course."\
Markus leaned away from the bedpost, and his gaze flickered to the portrait of Celina for a brief, brief moment. Such distaste passed over his features that Elsa vaguely wondered if he might set fire to the painting, but the moment passed; Markus looked once more at the empty bed, at the room that had once belonged to Gustaf, and he strode out with a tight nod at Elsa.\
"It's time to begin, then."\
Time to complete the Mirror.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 41: Cry Havoc
\b0 \
War was coming.\
All the navy had been assembled, and all the soldiers readied, all the slaves marshalled, all the able-bodied civilians drafted. Elsa had never thought she would see this day, when all the princes were armored and she would stand amongst them rather than above, but Markus took that spot now. She handed over the reins of power gladly. She was only a soldier now, as she was always meant to be.\
"My children," Markus said. "We have at last won a great victory. Not one fought on the field of battle, but rather one fought within our hearts \'97 the 
\i true 
\i0 battleground. For too long have the hearts of our people grown weak, decadent. But no more, and never again, not while I yet draw breath, not while you all stand here united. Today, we take a stand and banish weakness from our souls."\
Outfitted in armor, Markus struck an imposing figure. Through the Y-shaped opening, his helm revealed glowing blue eyes gleaming with anticipation. Even now, standing before his children and giving an impassioned speech, Elsa could see the desire for battle in his eyes, an insatiable lust for carnage. But there was something more there. Urgency, not just for himself, but for Edmund too.\
It was time to claim the final pieces of the Mirror.\
"Some of you may be hesitant. Some of you may harbor mercy. Do not falter. Do not carry any compunction that should sway your conviction. Is not this the calling of nature? It is only the natural order that we, the strong, should supplant the weak, that our glory be built upon the fires of rebirth. It has always been like this, that the world might evolve. It would be disservice, cowardice, to halt the growth of our kingdom, of our people. Power is meant to be seized! What difference separates mankind from the beasts, the insects, if we do not impose order upon the chaos?\
"We must be the ones to do this. We are the conquerors. We are the saviors. Soon, the war will begin, but I can tell you now that we are the ones with the fortitude to bear the burden of glory, the boldness to claim what is rightfully ours, the strength to stand up and fight for the greater good.\
"Now the dark begins to rise, and the curtain falls as the world slumbers away. In the darkness of peace, the world has regressed, until now\'85we know not even the faintest bloom of desire. Peace can only bring stagnation. We will define ourselves with conflict! In the face of such an insidious thing as peace \'97 I will not think, or speak, or act with moderation. I will not yield \'97 I will not equivocate \'97 I will not excuse \'97 I will not give ground, nor retreat a single inch! We march now to victory!"\
Markus strode out of the throne room, the white-and-red plume of his helmet swinging behind him, twin swords buckled to his side. Elsa followed, ready to embark on one last voyage.\
At its end, she would be with Anna.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Amazement at the trolls would be an understatement.\
Anna had grown up hearing fairytales about these creatures. Seeing them in the flesh \'97 in the rock \'97 was about as close to being in a dream as anyone would ever come. It was told to children that the good trolls came and took away baby teeth placed under the pillow, replacing them with trinkets. If they behaved well, then the good trolls would bring presents during Yuletide and good luck for the new year ahead. Of course, the 
\i bad 
\i0 trolls would take the bad children away and eat their toes.\
"You guys don't happen to eat toes, right?"\
"No," Pabbie said, laughing, but then he paused. "Hmm, I'm rather unsure what we 
\i do 
\i0 eat. I don't think we eat at all. How strange\'85"\
Having apologized a dozen times for being rude, and explaining that they'd simply caught her off guard, and 
\i of course 
\i0 she was glad to meet them all , Anna felt that she was at least partially accustomed to the trolls. Most of them seemed as curious about her as she was curious of them. It was reassuring.\
Chuckling, Pabbie introduced several others. Anna knelt down and stared intently at each troll, trying to memorize their distinctive traits. Pabbie was the one with a cape and a headdress, and Bulda had a necklace of pink crystals. Another had strange prismatic protrusions on his back, while one bore bright red crystals. Everyone had the same wide smile, the same short, stocky build, but they were different enough that Anna couldn't stop looking back and forth, trying to take in every single strange detail.\
"All of this is just so magical," Anna said, laughing.\
"It's our pleasure!" Bulda said, holding onto Anna's hands and examining her with a rather keen eye. It had taken some smooth talking to get Bulda to stop looking at her teeth. Anna couldn't decide if she was flattered. "We don't get visitors often, and none are as polite as you!"\
"Bulda, let Anna breathe, please," Pabbie said, thankfully nudging her away before she could compliment her eyes again. "We have important things to talk about."\
At the mention of her name, Anna turned back to Pabbie. Come to think of it, he had greeted her before by name, too. "How do you know my name, exactly?"\
"We saw when you went with the Mirror-Child to her home," Pabbie said. Though Anna didn't understand the moniker, she could guess who he meant. She couldn't help but notice some of the others frittering at the mention of Elsa. "We've been watching over that place for a very long time."\
Well, that explained how the place had been preserved.\
"Wait, why would you do that?"\
"It's something of a memorial," Pabbie said. "Who was it that led you here?"\
"So that Elsa was real, then?" Anna shook her head. "But that's impossible. Elsa is in the Southern Isles, and she's not eight anymore, trust me. Wait! Did you conjure her up to lead me here?"\
"No, I did not. Memories are very real things," Pabbie said, the graveness of his voice making Anna unconsciously calm down. "In certain places of great tragedy, there often remain\'85imprints, lasting echoes of the pain. Not everyone can see them, but you are very important, Anna."\
"I-I don't understand. I'm sorry. It's just a lot to take in."\
Seeing the version of Elsa that still smiled and laughed, Anna had almost forgotten what exactly had happened there in that ruined home. Knowing just why that memory of Elsa lingered was as harsh an awakening as being doused by winter rain. And now it turned out trolls were real, and they watched over the place? Why did they even bother? What did they care about Elsa?\
"I understand," Pabbie said, helping Anna sit down. She collapsed fully onto the ground, clutching her legs close to her chest. "But perhaps I can help you with your confusion."\
"Okay," Anna breathed. "So why do you care about Elsa?"\
"We were born of the Mirror. You have seen it before?" Pabbie continued after Anna's confirming nod. "And we call Elsa the Mirror-Child, because it rightfully belongs to her, and can only be controlled by her heart. Anything concerning her concerns us too."\
"But why didn't you just come down and meet her when we were building snowmen?"\
"We had met Elsa already," Pabbie said. Before Anna could ask when, he continued, "Just days before we witnessed you two at her old home. She was here for the Mirror shard that we oversee."\
It took Anna a moment to register that completely. First hearing it, she'd expected this meeting to be a long time ago, maybe while she was a child. Not while Elsa was here with her because of her request, less than a week before. Anna bit her lip. Had she been wrong about Elsa agreeing to come to Arendelle because of her? Did Elsa only come because she needed to find the shard? It'd never been about her, then. She could almost laugh at how stupid she was, thinking that there could be any other reason.\
"Of course," Anna said.\
"If I may, I think the situation was not 
\i quite 
\i0 as you think." Pabbie smiled, shrugging in a way that Anna supposed was meant to be comforting. "She wasn't here just for the Mirror, but for you, too."\
"We call people like her 
\i wraiths
\i0 , because they no longer have a heart," Bulda said.\
"Because she made a reliquary," Anna said.\
It was hard to imagine that Elsa would be considered a wraith, like she was some monstrous ghoul. When she heard the word, Anna thought of some cloaked beast that sucked out people's souls, not the elegant beautiful image that was Elsa. Really, the Sorcerer seemed to fit 
\i wraith 
\i0 a whole lot more.\
But at the same time, Anna could understand why the trolls said that of Elsa.\
She hated to admit that the memory of Elsa, face twisted with inhuman hate and painted in blood, still haunted her thoughts. She hated that, for a brief, brief moment\'85\
Anna couldn't tell if she had been afraid.\
"It's not easy to accept that the people we love are not perfect," Pabbie said. "And perhaps harder still for us to accept we ourselves are not perfect."\
Bulda nodded. "It's not an easy decision, but she wanted to be whole again, for you. She came here asking for a way to reverse it. Not really healthy, but sort of admirable too."\
"You mean\'85Elsa wanted to know how to get her heart back? Just for me\'85?"\
It was easy to become bitter, easy to just fill the space Elsa had left with resentment, but Anna knew, deep down, that Elsa cared. Elsa had hated that part of herself, called her heart her weakness and hated the mere memory enough to carve out her heart and throw it away. But for her, she had been willing to accept it again.\
"Does that ease your doubts, Anna?"\
"It just\'85gives me more questions, honestly."\
"Questions are good. It shows that you're willing to listen," Pabbie said, and Anna smiled. "It was much the same with another boy who had been here. You might know him: Gustaf of the Southern Isles."\
Anna's smile fell, the compliment having turned into something much more like an insult. Gustaf was the last person she wanted to be like. "Yeah, I knew him. Gustaf was insane."\
Pabbie frowned. "I do not know what the years did to him, but the Gustaf I met was anything but. Can you tell me more?"\
"Well, he tried to overthrow his father, and\'97"\
"Failed," Pabbie said, and Anna's eyes widened when he continued, "Yes, I encouraged him to stop his father's madness before greater harm could be done."\
"I'm sorry," Anna said, feeling indignation rise like acid in her throat, "I think I heard you wrong. Are you telling me that you told him to start a rebellion against his own father?"\
"Not all fathers are like your own, Anna. Some men are meant to be stopped, and Gustaf recognized that, and came to me for advice," Pabbie said gently.\
"What could possibly make that okay?"\
Pabbie considered her for a moment. Slowly, deliberately, sounding out each word so they were clear beyond any doubt, he said, "While Gustaf came here, Markus was below the cliff."\
"Below the\'85cliff\'97!" Anna cut herself off. Or rather, the heady realization made it difficult to breathe, let alone speak. Now her thoughts raced faster than her mind could follow, trying to piece together the disjointed timeline, the dizzying, chaotic whirl of epiphany made her sick with horror.\
Below the cliff, Pabbie had said.\
Below the cliff was where Elsa used to live.\
Gustaf had begun his rebellion twenty years ago, when Elsa was barely more than a year old. According to Elsa's memories, Markus had found her when she was 
\i eight
\i0 , so those seven years in between\'97?\
"What was Markus doing there?" Anna asked hoarsely.\
"I think you already know the answer to your question," Pabbie said, closing his eyes.\
"I 
\i knew 
\i0 he couldn't have just shown up that conveniently," Anna said, leaping to her feet and unable to keep from shouting. "It was all planned, Markus was watching her all along! Who even knows what he could have done? What is he even planning now? I need to tell her, I need to go\'97!"\
"No!" Pabbie seized her hand, and only then did Anna look back to see the frustration in his eyes, the disappointment. "How much more have you learned about Elsa, that you think you know enough to change her mind, when, without the aid of her heart resting in yours, you could see absolutely nothing of the person behind the mask?"\
Anna stopped struggling. Pabbie released her and she stumbled back, hand falling limply at her side, her legs weak. It was true. It all came down to how little she really knew. She hadn't been able to understand what Elsa was thinking without the reliquary. All she could see was what was in front of her, either Elsa or the Queen, always one or the other but never both.\
"I do not mean to discourage you," Pabbie said, more gently. "But not yet, Anna."\
"I just want to help," Anna whispered.\
"Some answers are meant to be found on one's own. Some decisions must be made by oneself," Pabbie said. "Otherwise, they have no value."\
"I-I understand, I think."\
"No, but you are beginning to, and that's what is important."\
"What should I do now?" Anna asked. "I still don't know anything, I don't know what went wrong, I'm screwing everything up apparently. I don't know\'85I don't know how to fix\'85"\
She shut her mouth before she could say the next word.\
She knew what she was about to say, and she couldn't bear to admit it.\
She didn't know how to fix \'97 Elsa.\
"Therein lays your problem," Pabbie said. "But I think you'll figure it out soon, Anna. It's always better to understand things for yourself than to be told."\
"Wait!" Anna stretched out her hand, but Pabbie had already curled up into an inanimate boulder, falling into a deep sleep. One by one, the other trolls followed, each giving her a sympathetic glance before rolling away. Anna turned helplessly, wishing anyone would just 
\i stay
\i0  for a moment longer.\
"Dear, I'm so sorry," Bulda said. She moved closer with clumsy, waddling steps, and Anna had never been more relieved. "Just remember that you can't change anyone because\'85people don't really change."\
"What? So I'm never going to be able to fix anything?"\
"That's not what I meant. It's only that people make bad choices, dear, and\'85I may have been too harsh on the girl when she was here." Bulda smiled and patted her face. "Don't be so negative. It's not like you at all. Come visit again sometime, once you've figured everything out?"\
Bulda left her too.\
And then she was alone.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Standing at the bow of her ship, Elsa stretched out her hands and willed the Mirror to return.\
It was a familiar process by now, though jarring at first. All the congregated whispers of the Mirror shards threatened to drown out her own thoughts, but she'd learned how to silence them. Suppress them, Markus had taught her, and she could control their power. It came naturally. It was the easiest thing in the world to summon the shards, and assimilate them, as though they were eager to return. Elsa remembered what the trolls had said, of course. Perhaps the shards really 
\i were 
\i0 eager.\
Elsa had spent the last few days with Markus, the two of them slaughtering their way through various small kingdoms near the Southern Isles. She had skipped over them before, instead focusing on the larger shards that were readily sensible. All that these places had to offer were barely splinters and dust at best, but together, they yielded some minimal progress.\
A palm-sized fragment rested in her hand now, the collected residue from their work, and Elsa stared into the clear surface, stared into her own eye and saw\'97\

\i "Elsa! Honey, what are you doing hiding away in there?"
\i0 \

\i "I don't want to hurt you."
\i0 \

\i "You could never hurt me. We're family, Elsa. We're here for each other. Everything will be okay."
\i0 \
Elsa jerked away, free hand flying up to cover her eye, but nothing could stop the incessant twitch. It felt like a spike was being driven through the back of her skull, slowly drilling through to her eye socket.\
"Are you well, child?" Markus asked, stepping forward.\
"I'm fine." Elsa pushed the shard away, though even without magnetism, it seemed bound to her touch and returned. Fighting past its resistance, Elsa finally willed the shard to levitate towards Markus's waiting palm. "I don't know why these pieces keep showing me my family. None of it makes sense."\
"\'85Oh?"\
"It's nothing like what I remember happening," Elsa said, unable to keep the frustration from her voice. She didn't need to see tantalizing images. None of them were real. "Didn't you say that the Mirror gives us what we desire? Hah. Maybe I still desire acceptance from my family."\
"We are your family now," Markus said, stretching out his hand to cradle her face, and Elsa leaned gratefully into his touch. "And we will always welcome you, Elsa."\
"\'85Thank you." Elsa steadied herself to stand on her own, spirits rising when she saw Markus smile with approval. "But words will never be enough; I cannot thank you enough for everything, Markus. You saved me. You taught me. You gave me a home when I lost mine."\
"And you have repaid me in full." Markus turned away. Walking to the gunwale, he gripped the edge and leaned over to the sea. "Truly, I love you like a daughter, Elsa. No one else has given me the same loyalty. You are the only one who has never failed me."\
"And I don't intend to ever fail you," Elsa said.\
"\'85I have never doubted you." Facing her again, Markus opened his mouth to say something, but he seemed to decide better of it and simply nodded. "I'll leave you to rest, then. We have many more things to accomplish."\
Markus departed for the cabin, leaving Elsa to enjoy the sea. She closed her eyes, feeling the rocking of the ship, hearing the slamming of the waves, smelling and tasting the salt of seawater. All of it was magnified until the vibrations shook her body and the drumming pounded in her ears. Too chaotic for most people to enjoy, but Elsa liked the distraction, the sense of total immersion. Not one of her senses went unused, save for sight.\
Without this, sometimes she feared she would drift away.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna sat at the beach where she and Elsa had arrived to Arendelle.\
It was getting too cold for anyone else to be out and about, but that suited Anna. She pulled her cloak close and stared into the sea, the sunset on the horizon lighting the water with orange and purple hues. Like a symphony coming to a close, the light died down more emotional and more beautiful.\
She remembered dancing with Elsa here.\
Elsa had been 
\i good 
\i0 at it too, good enough that now Anna suspected she rather enjoyed dancing. Maybe she had learned how to do it formally after going to the Southern Isles, but maybe Elsa had always liked dancing. It suited her, actually. It suited that bright-eyed child Anna had seen, to move without restraint, to let emotion wash over her and dance without thought.\
She really ought to have asked.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa directed lightning towards her enemies as she twisted through a barrage of metal.\
Blades speared through the air from every direction, but she never paused, only weaved between them, feet always pivoting, turning, spinning this way and that as lightning burst from her hands. She wasn't wielding a weapon anymore. She'd lost it sometime during the fight, but lightning was more than enough. It seared through the armor of anyone unfortunate enough to be in her line of sight, tore apart steel and flesh, but Elsa took no pleasure in the carnage.\
She focused on the dance. She kicked up and leaned back to avoid a blade, retaliated with a swift lightning strike. Before the body hit the ground she was already back in motion, dodging, flipping, weaving through enemy ranks. Keeping one hand low to the ground, Elsa fired off a constant stream of cold air that rocketed her around the battlefield, and surrounded by a web of electricity, she was untouchable. Lightning arced off the shield and struck anyone close, even as pirouettes bore her away.\

\i Mamma was watching from inside the house, and Elsa could imagine her proud smile.
\i0 \

\i She danced with Pappa in the garden, clumsily imitating those grand dances she had only heard of but never seen in person. Elsa was having the time of her life. Pappa would raise their linked arms, and every time she would twirl, braid swinging through the air and smacking into her Pappa's belly, and Elsa laughed when he pretended to be hurt.
\i0 \

\i "You're very good at this," Pappa said.
\i0 \

\i "One day I'll learn how to do it for real!"
\i0 \
Elsa danced again, lightning and ice her partners now.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna walked into the marketplace, joining the growing bustle.\
She could smell the chocolate in the air, mixed with the wafting fragrance of fruits and other sweets. It filled the air so heavily that anyone walking through would be intoxicated on the heady aroma. Every type of smell was here: the sugary sweetness of cinnamon, the sharp tang of peppermint; the syrupy zest of caramelized honey, the creamy softness of vanilla; and the rich smoothness of chocolate.\
She remembered how much Elsa loved chocolate.\
It'd been such a surprise to find that the cold queen had a sweet tooth, one almost as bad as her own. Worse, even, in some ways. Elsa pretended so often that she had moved on from her childish likings, but once she got started on chocolate, she hoarded the stuff, like she could never have enough. Anna practically had to drag her away sometimes. Even if she told anyone, Anna thought, trying not to laugh, no one would ever believe that Elsa could be so bratty.\
Why had she stopped, Anna wondered.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Everything tasted like blood.\
Even when the air became so saturated with blood that it left a taste on her tongue, Elsa didn't mind the copper tang in her mouth. It wasn't the taste of death. Blood was something warm, and alive. She'd gotten used to smelling and tasting blood long before, back when she felt it run from the body of her parents and onto her hands, dying her skin dark red. What frightened her most was it all stopped.\
She flung icicles down from the sky, each one as thick as an arm and filed to a point, spinning in spirals like drills. She grew trees of ice from the earth that burst through the cracked earth, like she could really create life. Mangled bodies were strung in the air, suspended on the thick spikes. She grew a forest of penitentes, each one bearing its own victim, each one reddened by the blood flowing down in rivulets.\

\i "We have a surprise for you!"
\i0 \

\i Elsa closed her eyes, squealing when Pappa covered them with his hands because he knew she would peek otherwise. Mamma had prepared something for her birthday, but even if she couldn't see, she could guess. She could smell it from a mile away. Elsa pretended to be surprised anyway when the small cake was revealed, something humble and barely enough to be more than four, maybe five bites, because she wanted Mamma and Pappa to know how happy she was regardless.
\i0 \

\i "Let's share it," Elsa suggested.
\i0 \

\i She dug into the cake, cutting through the icing-snowflake, and passed out the pieces. When she bit into the chocolate and the sweetness filled her senses, she grinned, chocolate dotting her teeth.
\i0 \
Nothing was sweet anymore. It only ever tasted of metal.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna maneuvered through the crowd to get close to the vendors.\
Standing at the exact same spot as before was the merchant selling toy swords, and as usual, there was a gaggle of children boisterously claiming their valor and pretending to be knights. Another vendor had lanterns with riddles scribed on the paper, and next to him, a merchant advertised lutefisk and other similarly tasteful snacks next to the jars of fermented fish.\
And the same boy selling flowers was wandering around too, offering his basket to passersby.\
When he spied her across the street, his eyes brightened. When he noticed that Elsa was nowhere to be seen, his expression became crestfallen, and Anna tried her best to smile. She shook her head when the boy lifted up his basket of blue orchids. None of them could survive in winter anyway. Elsa might have grown them, once, but those flowers would wilt in the cold.\
They were incompatible now.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa formed a sword and carved a swath through the opposing soldiers, most of whom feared her too much to even fight back, instead trying to flee and still dying by the dozens.\
She impaled a man through the back while he ran, and she ignored his choked scream when she flung him aside. Cut out their legs, use the same motion and bring the sword up, pivot to the side, block the back, swing around and cut again. Never let them come close. Only she could injure, maim, kill. Swords of ice materialized from thin air, impaling several others and pinning them to the ground. Elsa ran through the battlefield, exchanging swords as she went, throwing out the ones with blunted edges for newer weapons that she ripped out of the fallen.\
Somewhere behind the haze of bloodlust, Elsa recognized that she was being more brutal than she needed to be. But as her blade pierced through her enemies and carved through armor and flesh, she found she didn't care anymore. All the blood that had been frozen in her veins now sang at this violence, hummed in excitement, and she was more alive than she had ever felt before.\

\i "Mamma! Look!"
\i0 \

\i Elsa waved her toy wooden sword about, watching frost grow on the garden in the same path as its trajectory. Mamma looked out the window and sighed, striding out the door with her hands on her hips.
\i0 \

\i "Elsa, you need to be careful," Mamma said, kneeling down so their eyes met, and, young as she was, Elsa could see the seriousness of her gaze. She pointed at the flowers beginning to sag from the weight, curl from the cold. "See? They don't like to be cold. They can't survive like that."
\i0 \

\i "Oh." Elsa hung her head. "I guess I just ruin things now."
\i0 \

\i "No!" Mamma said this so vehemently that Elsa jumped. "No, Elsa. You could never ruin anything."
\i0 \

\i "But\'85the flowers\'85"
\i0 \

\i "You'll find a way to make things work." Mamma smiled while fixing a strand of her hair behind her ear. "Your powers are a part of you, Elsa, but they're not everything about you either. You'll find a way."
\i0 \
It took her this long to realize there had never been a way.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna stepped inside the castle at the end of the day.\
She had pursued this same routine for days and days now, going out and wandering about, looking at sights that she had seen with Elsa, looking at sights that she 
\i wanted
\i0  to see with Elsa. She was always thinking about what the trolls had told her, but she never visited them again. She had no answers yet. Looking for them in those places had been useless. How could revisiting memories be helpful? It would just hurt more. But those memories that surfaced \'97 Anna treasured every one. It didn't hurt. She wanted to remember, hold on tight and never forget the warmth of Elsa's embrace. She was never cold.\
Every day when Anna returned to the castle, she would ascend the stairs but walk past her own room, just a bit, before doubling back. Every day, she would go just a little farther, and farther, and farther. Until today, her feet led her to the elaborate doors that led to where Elsa had lived for those few days, when everything seemed perfect and nothing could go wrong.\
After a moment of hesitation, Anna pushed the doors open.\
She had never been inside.\
Everything was untouched.\
Anna swept her gaze over the grand room. There were even creases on the bed where Elsa had last sat, a cup with long-stale water on the bedside counter, some books cracked open on the desk. No one had been in here since their separation. Elsa had been the last person in this room, and for some reason that realization left tears burning in Anna's eyes. She took in the room with longing, drinking in the sight for other signs of her existence. Nothing hung in the wardrobe; Anna remembered how Elsa had been very proud of her ability to create her own clothes. Next to the books on the desk \'97\
Anna froze. Sitting on the desk was the blue orchid she had bought for Elsa.\
Hardly daring to believe her eyes, Anna tread closer, shaking hands reaching out for the flower that had survived against all odds. When her fingers traced the petals, Anna realized there was a thin layer of ice molded over the smooth blades, even the stem and leaves, keeping the flower preserved, protected inside a crystalline copy.\
"I shouldn't have tried to fix you," Anna whispered. "I shouldn't have tried to change you."\
Because that 
\i was 
\i0 what she had been doing. She had tried to change Elsa, to 
\i fix 
\i0 Elsa, into someone easier for her to love. She had told Elsa not to throw away who she had used to be, but only because she couldn't bear to love the person Elsa was now. Because she couldn't accept the side of Elsa that she hid behind now, any more than Elsa could accept the person she had been. But there wasn't a difference between them. They were the same person, Elsa and the Queen.\
She had forgotten that Elsa was so much more than just the sum of her problems, that beneath the troubled exterior, she had never changed. She had forgotten that Elsa was still that mischievous girl who led her through the forest, the one who loved chocolate and building snowmen. Elsa was still the girl who would preserve something as simple as a flower, because it reminded her of home, and because Anna had gifted it to her.\
Elsa had never needed to be fixed.\

\i I can be your heart\'85
\i0 \
Elsa had never needed her to be her heart. She had one of her own. Nothing could replace that.\
Anna nearly crushed the blue orchid in her grasp.\
"Anna!"\
Anna turned as Agdar burst into the room, eyes alight with feverish energy.\
"Elsa has declared war on Arendelle."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 42: Let Slip the Dogs of War
\b0 \
It was d\'e9j\'e0 vu to be here once again, with a fleet of ships at her command and bearing the flags of war.\
Elsa could see Arendelle Castle as an infinitesimal blot on the horizon. Last time she invaded Arendelle, she had felt nothing at the sight of her old home. Part of her had expected to feel resentment, perhaps, some sting of remembrance. But there was nothing. All of her emotions had been so suppressed that she looked upon Arendelle and saw nothing but a piece of land, a temporary home for the Mirror shards that were her calling. She could never have guessed she would meet someone who would impact her life so much. She could never have guessed she would meet Anna.\
"Word has spread of the injuries you sustained here," Markus said. "And now that you no longer appear to be invincible, many have rallied against you and mean to take a stand. Arendelle has allies now."\
"Isn't that how the world works?" Elsa asked, tone flat, so deadened that she did not recognize it as the sound of her voice. "Show a hint of weakness, and the world will destroy you."\
"Precisely." Markus smiled and slid on his helmet. "But they are fools to underestimate us. No matter what preparations they may have, nothing can overcome the both of us."\
"We should take the outlying beaches and use them as our base," Elsa said. "From there, we can launch a ground assault. I do not believe it wise to repeat my tactics from last time."\
Not for any tactical reason; Elsa didn't believe there existed any way to counter her powers entirely. But they didn't really need to take Arendelle. All she required was some distraction, and as soon as they had secured a vantage point, Elsa could travel to the trolls on her own. Once she had the Mirror she could leave again, before any harm might come to the castle, before any of its inhabitants might be\'85inclined to do something rash. Markus never cared about the kingdoms they conquered, so much as the shards they might possess, anyway.\
"Excellent choice. We will do as you suggest." Markus motioned for the messengers to spread the word to the rest of the fleet. "But confide in me, my child. Does the sight of Arendelle still affect you so?"\
"No. Arendelle doesn't affect me at all," Elsa said. "Though I may have some sympathy for the trolls. Part of me understands their desire for isolation."\
"Pests, and nothing more. Always remember that you are better than them."\
"Of course. If they refuse me, then I'll do what needs to be done."\
She 
\i did 
\i0 sympathize with the trolls, but she had come too far now to allow their obstinate stupidity to stop her from completing this great task. Elsa was numb to the death now. She had always been, until Anna tamed her and curbed her instinct. Being on the battlefield again, surrounded by war and death, brought all of her training rushing back. She could silence her conscience for the greater good.\
But what 
\i was 
\i0 the greater good?\
"You still look troubled," Markus said.\
"Not troubled, only\'85curious." Elsa strode to the cabin, unlocking the door that held the shards of the Mirror collected over the course of their conquest. "When you told me of the shards, you mentioned that some were found in the hearts of men. How will you extract those?"\
"Only dust on the wind," Markus said, waving his hand. "None of that is of any consequence. What matters, for now, are the larger fragments." Searching her face, he added, "Why does that concern you?"\
"It doesn't," Elsa answered, truthfully. "At least, not 
\i their
\i0  fates. I need the Mirror completed to repair my heart, and that is my only concern."\
"Very good." Markus laid a hand over her shoulder, and together they looked into the shattered surface that reflected their broken image. "Soon, Elsa. We will both be saved, and Edmund too. All will be right."\
Yes, Elsa thought.\
Soon she would be free.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Elsa is coming here?"\
Anna couldn't stop asking Agdar questions, though she had just as many answers as she did questions. She was only vocalizing so the tumult of thought didn't drive her mad. All the questions she had, none of them seemed to matter at the thought that Elsa would be here, soon.\
"Elsa, and King Markus," Agdar said.\
"She woke him, then," Anna muttered, not altogether surprised that Elsa had turned to her surrogate father for guidance. She couldn't begin to imagine what that man had done to her head by now.\
"Recently, the Southern Isles has attacked all of its neighboring kingdoms, and brought them under its rule," Agdar continued, and Anna mentally translated that as hunting for Mirror shards.\
So that was why Elsa was back.\
"I need you to stay in the castle and keep yourself safe," Agdar said. Cutting her off before she could protest, he added, "For now, Anna, I need you to promise me that you won't do anything foolish."\
"What do you even think I'll do?" Anna asked.\
"I know you want to see Elsa, and I know I told you that I'd support you in whatever you decided." Agdar took her hands in his own, voice pleading. "But right now, you need to stay here. Arendelle and its allies will do everything we can to counter the invasion. I cannot allow our people to be enslaved again."\
"I understand." Anna looked her Pappa in the eye. "I'm not a kid anymore. I know when the time isn't right, and I promise that I won't do anything stupid."\
She was never going to support Elsa. Not for something like this, when the lives of so many people hung in the balance. Anna knew that people would die for this crusade that Elsa had set her mind on, and even if Elsa winning the war would let them see each other soon, she would be insane to 
\i want 
\i0 that. No. What she needed was to wait, and find the right time to make things happen.\
Pappa knew that, and Anna knew that he knew she could never sit around and do nothing.\
"I'm proud," Agdar said, tightening his grip once before letting go. "I truly do hope that you can find happiness. Anything you choose to do, Anna, just remember that your father is with you."\
"Good luck, Pappa."\
"Good luck, Anna."\
Agdar spun around and headed to the warfront. Anna watched as he went, and she wondered, vaguely, if she would ever have another chance to tell him she loved him. She decided better of the idea, and Agdar finally vanished down the stairs. It would have sounded too much like a farewell.\
Anna would rather think that Pappa knew, anyway.\
Just like she did.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Her arrival was heralded by thundersnow.\
All the skies whitened. Not the natural white-grey of stormclouds but a pure white sky, unbroken by the faintest wisp of clouds or fog. From the white void was unleashed a storm of ice and lightning, every bit of hail plummeting to earth with concussive force, every flash of lightning bringing with it a heavy crack of thunder. Amidst the chaos, the single ship of ice sailed towards Arendelle once again.\
Despite the storm, the waters were calm. Elsa halted her ship at the mouth of the fjord, where two cliffs rose on either side of the inlet. Straight ahead the waterway led into the kingdom, and her fleet of ironclad battleships settled behind. Just in front, the combined fleet of Arendelle and its allies awaited, and beyond that, Arendelle Castle loomed over the steep hill. Trebuchets were lined up on the castle walls, cannons interspersed between their ranks.\
It was a familiar sight, and Elsa didn't expect things to be any different this time around.\
She could imagine King Agdar shouting off commands in the distance. Well, her ships needed protecting. Elsa raised her hands to the sky, feeling the pressure of her magic build in the sea. A ring of ice arced around her fleet and, with only a thought, burst upwards to form a glacial wall. Elsa watched the trebuchets being loaded and shook her head. She watched as the projectiles flew towards the wall, striking its surface one after another just like last time. They would do nothing\'97\
Elsa clenched her hand tight, hissing through her teeth when she felt the burn on her ice. It was salt, barrels and barrels of the stuff slamming into the wall and slowly melting it away.\

\i Not enough.
\i0 \
She sent another wave of magic through the wall, letting one layer shear off into the water so that she could repair the rest. Every time the barrels came close now, Elsa fired off a shard of ice from the wall to intercept, catching each one in midair so that the shattered casks fell into the fjord. If Agdar really thought she could be so easily defeated by salt again\'85\
Rounds of cannon fire came next, and these she could not catch. Not because they were moving too fast or because she couldn't track them \'97 Elsa whipped her hand forward only to discover she had practically torn down her own wall launching those strikes. She didn't have enough ice left to defend. Heavy metal shells punched through the now-fragile ice, sending the fragments flying like shattered glass. Yelling came from the other ships at the impossible sight. For the first time in history, Elsa's defense had been broken.\
Arrows flew toward the now vulnerable fleet, and Elsa didn't need to look to know that her men, unused to being unprotected, were now fleeing back into the cabins. Useless. She didn't bother moving as a volley came straight for her head. Ice sprung up from the body of her ship and the arrows bounced off, clattering onto the icy surface and sliding into the sea. Defense had never been to her liking, anyway. Elsa drew deep in her magic, gathering the lightning roiling beneath her skin.\
Rattling disrupted her concentration. Grating cranks rang in the inlet and Elsa looked up to see soldiers rolling up a ballista on one of the fjord cliffs. It fired directly across, shooting a pronged bolt that stabbed into the opposite cliff. Its purpose became clear soon. What had appeared to be a bolt soon unfurled into a steel net that plummeted into the fjord. Farther away, steel nets fell from the castle towers. A cannon shot off into the sky, and every ship of the Arendellian fleet unloaded something like anchors but not quite \'97 great mounds of scrap metal cobbled together into a shapeless mass.\
Elsa forced back her magic, almost shaking with indignation. If she attacked now, with steel hitting the fjord, any electrical attack would conduct. It would be drawn through the net and into the water \'97 and then destroy her own fleet, the fleet that was very much iron. Part of her 
\i wanted 
\i0 to just fire off the lightning. She could protect herself from the backlash.\
"Cease," Markus said, and Elsa turned to see the king emerging from his cabin. "Shape your ice into a blade, and I'll do the rest."\
Elsa did as told, moving her hand in an arc so that ice formed a crescent blade. Markus outstretched one hand and shadows erupted on the edge, thick, black flames that appeared as though her ice had been doused in oil. Together, they pushed forward.\
Ice and shadow struck the net. Ice froze the steel and turned it brittle. Shadow provided the concussive force to break through. When its bolts were ripped out of the cliff, the entire net, alight in the black flames, was tossed towards the Arendellian fleet. One ship caught fire, incendiary sparks flying from its wooden hull to spread across the line of ships. While they scrambled to put out the flames, Elsa beckoned for the sky to intensify its storm. Snow fell in violent typhoons that whipped the sail-powered ships about, as the now-turbulent sea slammed into their side. It was just too bad, Elsa thought, that they chose to use those antiquated relics just to avoid her lightning.\
"Come inside," Markus said, gesturing to the cabin. "Let the fleet do its work. We shall rest, and when the time comes, you will do your part."\
Elsa inclined her head into a slight nod. She was loath to leave the battle, but Markus had a point. Gesturing for the rest of the fleet to advance, and seeing the Arendellian navy respond in kind, Elsa prepared to enter the cabin. Before that, though, she turned back to look at the castle one more time.\
Soon, Elsa thought.\

\i I'm doing this for you, Anna.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 News came in that Elsa had taken the beaches.\
Everything was calm now, and they would be, for the next few hours.\
Anna looked out the window to witness the winter storm. All of its violence had faded now, withdrawn for the momentary respite. What had once been typhoons and hail was now replaced by calm snow, drifting down to blanket the kingdom with a cover of white. It was still a beautiful sight. Even knowing the destruction that all this beauty could twist into, Anna would always find the snow beautiful.\
She opened the window and stretched out her hand, feeling the snowflakes brush past her skin and fall through her fingers. Not the sharp, jagged edges of hail that could cut through skin, but powdery snow, like the snow they had used to build Olaf. One snowflake drifted down and rested in her palm for a brief second before the wind carried it away. Anna withdrew her hand. Even from here, she could see the encampment lying on the frozen beaches.\
If she was going to do anything, now was the time.\
But before she went, Anna knelt down next to Olaf's inanimate form.\
"Thank you, Olaf," Anna said. "I think I finally get what you were trying to tell me. I'm going to try my best to make things right, and I promise, I won't be selfish this time."\
She was ready this time. Not to make Elsa understand, or to change her mind about anything, even. Anna just wanted to apologize. She wanted to start over, and let Elsa make her own choices.\
Olaf didn't respond, but Anna had faith that he would wake up, one day. Observing the snowman, she noticed, not for the first time, that he felt oddly incomplete. Oh, he had sticks for arms and coal for buttons, and even some twigs for hair, but he was still just 
\i almost 
\i0 perfect. Anna had the thought for a good while. She unzipped her satchel and withdrew a carrot. It was probably for the best that he was asleep, Anna thought, wincing as she jabbed the carrot through the snowman's face.\
At last, she arranged the carrot to satisfaction. Anna took a step back and smiled, imagining how pleased Olaf would have been at his new nose.\
"Now you're perfect!"\
No response, of course. Anna took one last look at the snowman before walking to the door, ready to see Elsa again. Halfway through twisting the doorknob, she paused to take a deep breath. She wasn't nervous, strangely. She just needed to do this. It was something that had always needed to be done.\
It just had to be this way, Anna thought.\
She departed.\
If Anna had stopped to look around, she would have seen the snowman start moving.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna didn't even need to sneak out of the castle.\
It was easier getting around than she would have thought. Despite the commotion from the war and the surge of people running about the castle grounds, everybody seemed much too preoccupied to notice her leaving. Wearing a heavy cloak and with her hood drawn up, Anna looked like any common workhand, and Agdar had permitted much of the staff to leave the castle and find their loved ones. She was unimpeded while walking out the front gates.\
It was colder than she expected; Anna still wasn't used to being without the protection of the reliquary, and this cold was different from the one in the Southern Isles. A malevolent wind swept through the land, somehow deliberate in its violence. It chilled to the bone. Every step was torturous agony. Anna felt her mouth and eyes dry within seconds, the exposed skin of her face stinging with invisible cuts.\
She moved on.\
Past the gates and through the marketplace, off the main road and to the side was the small strip of land circling around to the outer banks. Anna dropped down the cobblestone path and onto the white beach, where the snow was thick enough to reach halfway up her boots. It wasn't too bad. It would just be a few minutes more, Anna thought, trudging through the thick slush. She had to stop every now and then to knock on her boots and crack the creeping ice, but that was fine. Just a few minutes more.\
And then she would see Elsa.\
Once she passed the shadow of cliffs and trees, Anna could see the encampment. Smoke rose from the site in great big plumes. It lay maybe thirty meters away on the outlying beach, near the mouth of the fjord. Only one thing stood in her path, and though that path was a straight one\'85\
It was also frozen solid.\
It should have been sand, but the turmoil of the storm must have flooded the banks, and then the cold froze the water into irregular waves. Anna tentatively stepped foot on the ice and immediately drew back. It was thin. Not like the thick sheets of ice that had surrounded the Southern Isles, but merely a byproduct of this cold storm. It wasn't magic, but regardless, not enough time had passed for the ice to strengthen. It could break at any moment and she would be sent plummeting through, to the freezing waters lurking just beneath.\
"I hope I don't regret this," Anna muttered, and she began her journey.\
Anna kept her eyes trained to the ground and gauged every step of the way, testing her weight before going any farther. Nearly a quarter of the way through, Anna placed her foot forward and drew away, breathing deeply at the feeling of the ice shifting under her feet, practically molding to the contour of her heel. Another fraction of a second and the ice would have broken. Anna tried the left, and then the right, to no avail. Only one way left to go.\
Back.\
Anna retraced her steps to the beginning and started over again. Even after that, more than once she had to divert her path. What should have been a straight path became a winding road, full of zigzags and detours. It seemed to take hours and hours to get anywhere at all, but eventually the end was in sight, the encampment only ten meters away. She took a step onward, just a bit too heavily.\
Immediately the ice cracked.\
Anna froze at the dull creaking, feeling her breath hitch painfully as cold air settled in her lungs. Nearly breathless, she edged to the side. Even the tiniest movement seemed to rock the ice plain, so that the groaning of the ice became protracted, stretched out like an anguished death throe. When the crack widened another centimeter, she ground to a halt. She could practically see water thrashing under the surface of the ice. Stay relaxed, Anna told herself, and she inched forward again.\
Any peace fled out the window when the next crack sounded off like a cannon and the ice tore apart.\
Anna had barely heard the noise, barely registered the sloshing of water as ice fell into the depths, before she broke into a dead sprint across the fjord. She didn't dare to look back. She couldn't stop to hesitate. She couldn't stop to think out her next step. She couldn't stop for anything.\
She was so 
\i close 
\i0 now\'85!\
Anna slipped on the ice when another fissure jarred the surface. She fell on her front, steps away from the beach, and she squeezed her eyes shut, waiting to be submerged into cold.\
Someone pulled on her wrist.\
One tug and Anna felt herself roll into the snow, bones jarred with every tumble. But she was alive. Someone had saved her. Anna opened her eyes blearily, squinting at the harsh light glaring up above, before the sky was blocked by a mop of blond hair. Her rescuer peered down with a familiar frown.\
"You are insane 
\i and 
\i0 stupid," Kristoff said, shaking her shoulders. "Who in their right mind decides to just walk over thin ice? It's even an expression for doing something stupid!"\
There were a million things she could have said. It felt like an eternity since she had last seen anyone from the Southern Isles, though they had slowly become a fixture in her life. Part of her wanted to ask Kristoff how he had been, and the other part wanted to thank him for saving her life, but she could only blurt out one thing.\
"Wh-What are you doing here?" Anna asked.\
"Making sure you don't get yourself killed."\
"No, I mean\'85" Anna swallowed and propped herself up. "Why are you here in Arendelle?"\
Kristoff didn't even need to answer verbally. Such guilt overcame his features that his sullen scowl faded away, and Anna could see the armor he wore, just a little more ornate than the other soldiers.\
"Elsa put me in charge," Kristoff said.\
"It's not your fault," Anna murmured. "Are any of the others here?"\
"Practically everyone has gone off to war somewhere," Kristoff said. "Alek and Hans were sent somewhere else, I think, but they're probably on their way. Why are 
\i you 
\i0 here?"\
"I'm here to see Elsa."\
"Whatever you think you're going to do," Kristoff said, "I promise you that it won't work. She's not going to stop just because you tell her to. She's nothing like you remember anymore."\
"I'm not here for that." Anna smiled. She brushed off the snow on her cloak and pushed herself to her feet, ignoring the uncertain half-gesture that Kristoff made to help her up. "But she'll always be Elsa."\
Anna began walking toward the camp. An array of tents had been set up already, and the beginnings of sturdier barracks constructed. Soldiers bustled about, starting campfires, aiding in construction. Anna had reached the camp already before Kristoff caught up, seemingly too stunned to argue. Instead he waved off the soldiers who gave her incredulous looks, but eventually, he grabbed her arm.\
"What are you here for, then?"\
"I just want to talk to Elsa."\
Anna scanned the tents, easily identifying the one that belonged to Elsa. It was a pavilion at the back of the clearing, far from everyone else and larger than the rest. Most telling was the snowflake crest adorning the white cloth, the only thing making it stand out from the snow.\
She was finally here.\
She thought she would be more nervous.\
"It's not safe for you here," Kristoff said. When Anna pulled out of his grasp and kept walking, he finally just walked ahead and blocked the way. "Please, Anna. Elsa won't listen to you. She won't even agree to 
\i see 
\i0 you. She ordered that no one is to disturb her, and specifically \'97 not you."\
"Then I'll wait here until she agrees to see me."\
Anna felt nothing but calm. More importantly, she felt a sense of rightness that had been absent before. She was meant to be here, and this was what she was supposed to be doing. Anna wanted nothing more than to burst into the tent and take Elsa by the hand, hold her close and never let go, kiss her lips and never stop; but she needed to earn that again. Stupid Elsa probably thought 
\i she
\i0  was the one at fault; Anna almost laughed at the irony. She was, of course, but really, 
\i both
\i0  of them were at fault. Someone just needed to take the first step.\
Anna stopped at the pavilion, and dropped to her knees in the snow.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "She's here," Elsa murmured.\
Elsa didn't know what else she had been expecting. Of course Anna would come. It was just like Anna to be stubborn enough to hold onto someone as broken as she was, ignoring the wounds she suffered from the jagged edges. Elsa smiled despite herself. It was selfish, but she felt so warm just knowing that Anna was on the other side of the pavilion, knowing that, even after everything, Anna wouldn't give up.\
She wanted so much to just step outside.\
She wanted, more than anything, just to see Anna.\
But Elsa knew she couldn't do that. It would be too selfish. Anna would forgive her for everything, Elsa knew that, but Anna deserved so much more than this shadow that she was now. She couldn't bear to let Anna see her now, still every bit as imperfect as the day they parted, still so inadequate in comparison to Anna. She could be better than this, for Anna, but not this day. She needed more time.\
Elsa still needed the Mirror to give back her heart.\
Only then would she be worthy of love.\
"I'm so sorry, Anna."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It was the worst pain she had ever felt, but Anna didn't mind.\
From the moment she began kneeling snow had begun to fall, gently at first, but with every passing moment the storm intensified. Now it raged more violently than it ever had. Every gust of wind felt like knives dragging over her broken skin. Every pellet of hail felt like boulders crashing into her bruised body. Anna didn't even know how much time had passed. Kristoff had reluctantly left at some point, drawn away by military affairs. It had been hours since then, every second feeling like its own eternity.\
It barely felt cold anymore. She was just numb. She had stopped shivering after a while, too stiff even for that, but all her joints ached like the bones were grating against one another. She could barely see, but she didn't know whether to blame vortex of snow whipped about in the wind, or her blurring vision.\
But Anna had decided she would stay here until she saw Elsa.\
Out of the blurred dizziness, she registered that someone was staring. Anna slowly raised her head to look. Kristoff stood not far away. Separated by the never-ending snow, Anna couldn't clearly see his expression; but she thought he looked grieved as they stared at one another in silence. Step by step, Kristoff walked over to her side.\
"Anna, this is insane," Kristoff said.\
"I promised myself\'85I would do this," Anna said. She licked her cracked lips and tasted blood. It stung even to move the muscles of her jaw to talk. "I'm not helpless. I'm not going to just let her push me away again."\
"You need to warm yourself up!"\
But Anna resisted every time he tried to drag her away. She pulled free from his grasp with strength that surprised even her, strength that she thought she no longer possessed. When Kristoff tried instead to talk her into leaving, Anna didn't respond. She would not budge from her spot. She would not look away again, not even for an instant. She kept her eyes firmly ahead, staring into the white pavilion.\
"\'85Please, Anna," Kristoff whispered. "Please just go home."\
"Go," Anna murmured. "I understand, Kristoff. I'm still going to do this."\
"I really don't get you sometimes!" Kristoff snarled, moving to stand between her and the tent, grasping her shoulders tightly enough that her sore joints ached in protest. "Why are you doing this to yourself?"\
"\'85Because sometimes, love just has to be this way."\
Not easy, and not beautiful, but painful and torturous. She couldn't keep taking the easy way out anymore. If this storm was her penance then Anna would gladly bear through its wrath, but there was no need for Kristoff to suffer the cold too; Anna wanted him to go back inside. She could do this alone.\
Kristoff dropped to his knees and waited at her side.\
"Then tell 
\i her
\i0  that," Kristoff said.\
Anna looked towards the pavilion and spoke.\
"Last time, I didn't understand you enough, Elsa. And I still don't understand you, not as much as I want, but I know why you pushed me away. It's taken me a really long time to get it. At first, I blamed you so much for giving me that impossible choice, because there wasn't really a choice at all. And that was true. You were only trying to see how much I really knew you, how much I really accepted you, and I failed... But it was still unfair of you. And you don't understand 
\i me
\i0  enough, if you really think a storm is going to stop me. I'm going to stay here until you come out, Elsa. I'm going to stay here, and I'm going to apologize. And for once, you are going to listen to me.\
"I am so, so sorry that I tried to change you. I even told you so many times that I loved you as you are, that I would love you no matter what, but I never realized what I was really doing. But you knew. I know you did, because you wouldn't have tried so hard to change otherwise. You were trying so hard to change yourself to make me happy, and I'm sorry that I made you do that. I didn't know, but that's not an excuse. I manipulated you as much as anyone did. I made you dependent on me.\
"Part of me was in love with the idea of fixing you, like my love could make everything all right and make you happy again. Like I was somehow enough to make up for everything you've gone through, so you could be the way you were before. But that's just not possible. I can't wipe out all those things that you are now, just like you couldn't forget your past no matter how hard you tried. Because even after everything, you've never changed. You are still that same girl in the memories I saw, and you always will be. It's just that\'85you're also more now. Everything that you've gone through is a part of you, and I always wanted you to accept that. Even when I hadn't yet, not really.\
"I've made you a lot of promises before, but this time, I really mean everything I say. I love you the way you are, Elsa. I will always love you. You don't have to change for me. You don't need to be fixed. You've never been perfect, but I'm not either and I'm all right with that, because you wouldn't be you otherwise. You have never been heartless, and I don't mean me, because I could never be a substitute for your heart. Your heart has always been with you. You've tried to forget that you had one, but the truth is, you have never been any less whole than me or anyone else. Please don't let anyone make you think otherwise. Even if that person turns out to be me."\
Anna bowed her head. Time passed slowly and the intensity of the storm never lessened, the fierce wind and snow thrashing the heavens, the earth, everything in its way with all its might. Her only warmth was the tears running down her face, mixing with the melted snow that drenched her body. Kristoff placed his hand on her shoulder, joining her in solidarity, and Anna smiled. She had said what she needed to say. Though the cold might have penetrated her body, she was warm in her heart. It was enough.\
And then the tent opened.\
For just a brief moment, Anna was ecstatic. She thought she had succeeded at last, that she had gotten through to Elsa. When the tent opened, she thought she would see Elsa.\
It was not Elsa.\
It was Markus.\
"Worthless protestations of love will not change anything."\
Anna saw the coming darkness, and then she knew no more.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 43: Truth, To the End of Reckoning
\b0 \
Elsa had left before she could waver again.\
She could not allow herself to be selfish. It was more important that she retrieve the Mirror as she had planned; Anna would forgive her with time. With the snow hiding her tracks, leaving the encampment had been easy. She could enshroud herself in her element and, cloaked by white, was spirited away before anyone had noticed. Now she stood at the base of the mountain, welcomed by a familiar sight.\
Elsa eyed her home with some mix of nostalgia and distaste.\
Nostalgia, because she had always, on some level, recognized that life had been pleasant once. She could not deny that she had been happy here, once. And more recently, she had been here with Anna. She would always cherish that moment when they played in the snow and built snowmen together. For that brief moment, she had been able to let go of the troubles shackling her mind.\
Distaste, because the sight reminded her of her weakness. She thought she'd grown beyond this childish wish for acceptance. She thought she'd outgrown the little girl who craved the love of her parents, but apparently not. Every time she acquisitioned a piece of the Mirror she would, without fail, witness another false vision. Only the delusions of a child. She remembered those times well, and her parents had never accepted her, never welcomed her with open arms. She was 
\i still 
\i0 creating an illusion for herself, and the thought sickened her as much as it frightened.\
Elsa looked away.\
She thought she could see something of the child she had been lurking there, and she needed no ghosts of the past. From now on, she would look to the future, and that future which held her happiness could only be achieved in the Valley of the Living Rock. Elsa ascended the mountain, blasting through the protections that hid the trolls away from the world. Pitiful magics, barely more than parlor tricks. Hiding behind their maze of a forest would not protect them.\
Elsa approached the clearing as she did once before, feeling the lava move beneath her feet. She would freeze their lifeblood and make this place a frozen wasteland if they did not give her what she wanted.\
"Come out," Elsa demanded. "I will not waste any more time on you."\
Boulders quivered on the terraces, one after another, but their motions had a certain reluctance absent before. Had they realized how foolish it was to resist her, then? Still, none of them ever touched the plateau, instead choosing to stay upon the terraces to surround her where she stood. Only one rolled from the top terrace onto her level. Elsa watched with disinterest as the rocks unfurled into the trolls, and Pabbie, always at their front, approached.\
"Elsa," Pabbie greeted.\
"You know why I'm here," Elsa said. "I believe I already told you last time that nothing you say will stop me. Any remonstrations would be tiresome things only, Pabbie."\
"You are not as you were," Pabbie said, and Elsa narrowed her eyes at the pity in his voice. "Last time, I thought you were beginning to understand, but now\'85you are more lost than you ever were."\
"I've found my solution," Elsa said. "When you gave me scorn in response to my need, Markus gave me the answers I wanted. I know how to fix this hole in my heart now."\
"Do you really believe that this is the way to absolution?"\
"What other way can there be?" Pabbie remained silent, and Elsa barely restrained a snarl at his stubbornness. "Does this mean you will continue to refuse me, then?"\
"I cannot hand you the Mirror," Pabbie said.\
"You said it yourself that it belongs to me," Elsa said. "You have not heard its voice as I have. You do not understand its desire to be made whole again."\
"Oh, Elsa." Pabbie shook his head with an air of sorrow unbefitting of his people. "It was not the Mirror that you heard. It desires nothing. What you heard was yourself."\
"\'85Maybe so." Elsa stretched out her hand. "I won't ask you again to hand it over, Pabbie. I bear you no ill will. I have no desire to hurt any of you, but I will not hesitate."\
One of the boulders spun down from the higher ground, ignoring Pabbie's protest to stay away. Bulda unfurled herself next to the leader of their people, features screwed up into an expression of cheated rage. Urgent, somehow, not as judging as last time, only desperate.\
"Would Anna agree with what you were doing?" Bulda asked.\
"Do not speak of Anna to me," Elsa said, unable to keep her voice from turning into a hiss. "What do you know about her that I would not?"\
Unless she had the Mirror to change herself, she could never give Anna the warmth she deserved. Anna was still waiting for her in the freezing cold, because that was 
\i all 
\i0 she could ever be. She needed this. They 
\i both 
\i0 needed this, more than anything.\
"She was here recently, looking for answers because she cares about you," Bulda said, drawn up to her full height as though Elsa didn't stand more than five times her height, still meeting her eyes without fear as though she were not more powerful than she could ever hope to be. "Don't disrespect that girl and do the exact opposite of what she would want for you!"\
"I do this for her sake." Elsa laughed, amazed at the troll's audacity, but the sound that left her lips carried no mirth, only a hollow anger. "She deserves someone who is whole, not some mutilated creature, not this 
\i wraith
\i0  who cannot feel anything but rage!"\
"Is that true, that you can feel nothing but rage?" Pabbie asked, and Elsa whipped her head around to face him. "How could you have ever fallen in love with Anna if that were true? How could you want anything now, if you were nothing but a shell?"\
"I cannot love her as fully as I should, as fully as she deserves."\
"There is only one person whom you should love but do not," Pabbie said, and his eyes closed. Elsa was taken aback by the sight of a great tear escaping his stone lids, though she didn't betray her surprise.\
"Enough talk, Pabbie."\
"Yes," Pabbie said. "One day, Elsa, you will achieve your truest desire. But it will not be through this path you have lost yourself upon. On that day, you will come into your own."\
"Do you see the future now, too?"\
"No," Pabbie said, "I only hope for the best."\
At his words, the rest of the trolls stiffened. Surrounding her with their hands outstretched, the buildup of their magic became palpable, audible as a dull hum that sounded through the air. Many of the trolls had their heads bowed. Bulda steeled herself, though Elsa thought she saw a glint of tears in her eyes.\
"You know my power well," Elsa said.\
"Though we know our fate\'85" Pabbie said slowly, "We must stand against you."\
Many things happened at once. Pink and purple magic rained down from the trolls, but none of them reached their mark. All their energy collided in the center of the circle, where Elsa had been standing, and dissipated into the ground. Elsa had propelled herself upwards into the air with a compressed burst of cold air, and from her vantage point, she could see the entirety of the clearing.\
A blinding flash of white light blazed in the valley and lightning erupted from her fingers. It felt heavy. It was a dense pressure rising in her chest, threatening to claw its way out from her throat. Elsa felt her mouth open in a scream of pain and rage, but she heard nothing over the screech of her magic. She dragged her hand through the air, the torrents of electricity focused into a bolt of lightning, and before she could think twice\'85\
She brought her hand slashing down toward the terraces.\
Lightning struck the body of a troll and shattered the weak rock, so that bits of stone ricocheted outward and the rest was ground to powder and nothing more. But the lightning never stopped. It gouged through the earth as it traveled on, scarring the valley. It arced from troll to troll and shattered through each one in a fraction of a second, extinguishing their lives before they could utter any sound. One by one, they fell, their magic drained, returning to the inanimate stone they had once been.\
By the time Elsa landed on her feet, all but one of the trolls was dead.\
She straightened amidst the silence that fell. Pabbie, looking upon the ruined valley, the ruined lives, turned to her and somehow still managed to smile at her with pity. It was infuriating. She wanted to see him hurt. She wanted to see him angry as she was, rage as she did.\
"Where is the Mirror?" Elsa asked.\
"Can you not see them?"\
Elsa whirled around. All the stone was glowing. What had once been the trolls now shone with an ethereal light, and from their remains, pieces of glass arose.\
"All of us here imbibe part of the Mirror," Pabbie said. "We were born after its destruction, not prior, not when tyrants still forced their selfish desires upon its heart. And now, again, those madmen like your dark father would wreak havoc with its power."\
"So that's why you refused me\'85" Elsa stretched out her hand and the glass collected, knitting itself back together to form the shard. "You just didn't want to give up this life that the shards afforded you."\
"No, I gladly return what belongs to you," Pabbie said.\
"Why?" Elsa asked. "Why does the Mirror belong to me? You've said it many times, but I still don't know why. Speak clearly before you die, Pabbie."\
"\'85Do not so easily abandon your heart, Elsa." Pabbie smiled and opened his arms, leaving himself defenseless. "My wish is that you will see what you wish to see, and learn what you have yet to learn."\
"Is that your last word?"\
"Goodbye, Elsa."\
Pabbie closed his eyes, and Elsa, feeling her hand begin to waver, feeling herself begin to doubt, slashed her hand down one more time. Lightning tore through the valley, an electrical storm that leveled the terraces and ground every boulder to power, shockwaves enough to send a plume of dust into the air that blocked out the sun. Nothing remained. Every hint of life had been scoured away, the green replaced by blackened earth and the cheer replaced by utter silence. Pabbie was gone.\
She stood alone.\
Glass collected above her palm, each piece larger than the next. It was the largest shard Elsa had come upon yet. An entire quarter of the Mirror had been located here, in Arendelle. With this, the Mirror was practically completed. With this, she could finally\'97\
"Elsa!"\
She recognized that voice. She would 
\i always 
\i0 recognize that voice. Elsa whirled around, lightning flying from her hand, because she had heard her father, not Markus but Vagn
\i , 
\i0 her father who had given her life and nothing else. Elsa took a step back when the bolt phased harmlessly through him. Vagn looked exactly as she remembered, but also different. Because there was no hate in his eyes, Elsa realized. He looked like he had once, before her powers had manifested. What was going on?\
Vagn smiled. When he approached, Elsa wanted nothing more than to flee; but she was frozen in place. After attacking on reflex, her strength had left her entirely. She felt like a little girl again, helpless, weak. Her eyes squeezed shut an instant before Vagn reached her, and she half-expected to be struck, just as she had been, once. She felt nothing, save for a slight chill. She opened her eyes again.\
"Why are you hiding here?"\
Slowly, Elsa turned around. Before her eyes, the valley melted away to be replaced by her home. Not as it was now, but as it had been, the stout little house bordered by flowers. Vagn was approaching a little blonde girl crouched in the corner of the garden, knees drawn in close, hands clutched close to her chest. She was trembling. When Vagn came close, she flinched away and hid her hands. For whatever reason, the sight made Elsa hurt, somehow, an odd pang that struck the void where her heart had once been.\
"Everything will be all right, Elsa," Vagn said.\
When the little girl raised her head, revealing eyes with fear reflected so obviously in the ice-blue, Elsa realized the girl hiding away was 
\i herself 
\i0 as a child. She hadn't thought about her past in so long that she barely remembered what she used to look like. She drank in the sight, eyes greedily tracing every feature with a fervor that surprised her once she realized what she was doing. Her hand had outstretched without her knowing.\
"I showed off my powers in front of other people," Elsa muttered.\
"And the world hasn't ended," Vagn said, kneeling down next to the child. "Besides, they didn't 
\i really
\i0  see you doing it. It was just like an odd weather thing. It happens."\

\i I don't remember it happening like this.
\i0 \
She had been punished. Elsa remembered this well, remembered being sent off to her room without food. Vagn had never comforted her at all. As much as she had wanted this warmth from her parents, she remembered only the pain of rejection. Why was she seeing this? What was the point of this mockery? Elsa took a step back, ignoring the longing that told her to stay. Lightning seared through the apparitions, and this time they faded away.\
"Happyyyyy birthdayyyyy to meeeeee!"\
Elsa spun around again, and saw her younger self building a snowman in the garden. She remembered this as well. She had no one to celebrate her birthday, so she had built a companion, a snowman that Elmira had destroyed. But in this vision, her parents were watching. Ridiculous. Vagn and Elmira would have never stood for her using her powers like this, and they certainly wouldn't have smiled at the sight. Elsa looked away from them. She couldn't stand seeing the obvious adoration in their gaze, the love that they had only afforded her before her powers.\
"Shouldn't you give the snowman a name?" Elmira asked.\
"Hmm\'85I dunno." Elsa rubbed her chin, circling around the snowman as she deliberated. "I'm no good with names, Mamma. Oh, I know! You can name him. Not Pappa, Pappa comes up with weird ones."\
"All right," Elmira said, laughing while Vagn threw up his hands. "What about Olaf?"\
Elsa brightened. "Yeah! And he loves warm hugs."\

\i I never named him until I built him with Anna.
\i0 \
But then why had the name come so naturally? It had been on the tip of her tongue as soon as she built the snowman again. As though she had always known his name. Elsa shook her head. What was she even thinking? None of this was real. It had never happened. Whatever magic was going on was probably just drawing from her choice of name to recreate this moment as she wanted it to happen. It was nothing but an illusion, smoke and mirrors.\
Once again the world shifted, but this time Elsa witnessed the swirling vortex. When color and light stabilized, the scene in front of her had changed. She was standing farther away from the house now, outside of the garden, and at night. She could walk away. Nothing was 
\i making 
\i0 her approach.\
Then she saw Markus and she almost called out to him, relieved that he was here to stop the illusion. But looking more carefully, Elsa noticed that this Markus was younger than present-day, and his strength had not yet left him. Just part of the vision. But if Markus was here, then that meant this was the day she\'85\
Elsa followed behind Markus, their steps taking a strangely direct route to her home. Actually, it was strange that Markus was here at all; Elsa could think of no reason for him to be here during the night, and he had found her in the day. She could think of no reason for him to be here during the 
\i day 
\i0 either. She had never given thought to what exactly Markus was doing here in the outskirts of Arendelle. It hadn't seemed important. She had just assumed that he was passing through en route to the docks, perhaps after some meeting with Agdar for political reasons. But that didn't make sense. Her home had been so far out of the way that no one ever passed through without reason.\
Why 
\i was 
\i0 Markus here?\
Markus stepped over the railing and into the garden, crushing some flowers underfoot. Elsa followed, feeling an odd unease settle in the base of her stomach when Markus passed his hand over the lock, shadows sifting through, and the door opened. It was quiet in the house. As it should be. Everyone was asleep. Markus crept from the cramped living room to the bedroom, one that Elsa remembered to be her own, and once again she followed.\
Her younger self was fast asleep, and she looked so peaceful that it gave her pause. She hadn't managed to sleep that well since leaving home, at least not until she found Anna. Elsa was drawn back to the moment when Markus made his way to the child, holding in his hand a pulsing dark light. It illuminated his face. Elsa saw the rigid lines and, for the first time, saw just how cold his features were, the stone mask that betrayed nothing except for callous disdain towards this child, towards her, Elsa.\
Markus had never looked at her like this before.\
Elsa opened her mouth just as Markus placed his hand over the child's forehead, and any sound she might have made died in her throat. She felt his touch, too. It was like a squirming larva drilling its way through her head and crawling inside her brain, clamping down on the tissue and yanking things out. She almost threw up at the invasive touch. Elsa fell to one knee, hand clamped over her mouth as her stomach churned and her headaches returned a thousand-fold, with a migraine unlike any before.\
For that moment she was both the child and the adult. She was the child feeling the pain that she would soon forget, because every instance of pain was removed as soon as it appeared. She was the adult witnessing the pain, so that she could not forget. She was the child beginning to forget love and beginning to remember things that she did not before, instances of pain brought about by the neglect and abuse of her parents. She was the adult who remembered only rejection, but was reminded of love.\

\i I was loved \'97 
\b I was hated.
\i0\b0 \

\i I was accepted \'97 
\b I was rejected.
\i0\b0 \

\i I love you \'97 
\b I hate you.
\i0\b0 \
Every thought of her child-self flooded into her mind, so that Elsa could 
\i see 
\i0 the change, 
\i feel 
\i0 every twist in the memories. When a memory of celebration became lashes of a belt on her back, gashes tore open on the child where there had been nothing before. Bruises formed on what had been unmarred skin, mottled, red-and-yellow blots that could not have been from the clumsiness of children.\
Every happy memory the child possessed, Elsa saw them morph into the ugliness that she remembered as truth, only: What was truth? If she remembered something one way, and the child remembered them differently, then what was real and what was false? Vagn had comforted her; Vagn had scorned her. Elmira had encouraged her; Elmira had broken her. They had loved her, but they also hated her; Elsa remembered both versions, remembered doubles of every memory that were polar opposites.\
Collapsed on the floor and gasping for breath that she had once needed, Elsa watched as time fast-forwarded. Night passed, and the child woke feeling fear and paranoia about the parents that had, just the last night, tucked her in with soft kisses. Elsa blinked and she was outside, and Markus was there too, peering through the window. She dragged herself over and slammed her hand onto the windowsill, pulling herself up even as the motion made her want to throw up all over again.\
"We'll fix you," Vagn spat.\
It was the day her parents burned her hands in the open furnace. She saw herself dragged toward the flames. She remembered this, and only this, as she saw it now. She remembered the heat of the flames and the panic, the desperation, the need to escape. Elsa craned her neck to look at Markus. His hands were alight with a purple miasma, and in this memory, and this memory alone, Elsa could see Markus standing outside like a puppet master, could see the cruel satisfaction in his eyes as her flesh burned. She could see the glazed sheen over her parents' eyes, the madness that had not been there before.\
They hadn't been themselves.\
They hadn't hurt her intentionally.\
"Stop," Elsa croaked. It was all she could manage, past the tumult of memories flooding her head, the dichotomy that she still could not control, but she was certain of one thing.\
Nothing was what she knew it to be.\
"Stop!" Elsa screamed this time, and just as her younger self released a torrent of lightning, lightning surged from her body and burned through the vision. What she saw in front of her cut in half, like jagged edges of a mismatched jigsaw puzzle. Another cut, and another cut, until the boundaries of the illusion fell away\'85\
Into reality.\
Everything shattered and she was left in the Valley of the Living Rock. Elsa hunched over on the ground, groaning through clenched teeth. One hand dug into the dirt and the other into her scalp as she clutched her head, wishing she could claw out the chaotic whirlwind of memory. It was too much, too many thoughts, too many conflicting memories. Not even the compartmentalization brought about by her reliquary was enough to stem the flood of her racing thoughts. She didn't know what was real anymore. She wished time could just stop so she would never have to think again.\
But slowly, time did pass. As much as she wanted to avoid reality, the illusions faded away and she was left kneeling there in ruin, waiting for the realization to sink in now that she had seen the truth. Markus had been there all her life. From the earliest moment in her living memory, his shadow had been there, watching her, stalking her steps. Were all of her memories forgeries? How long had Markus watched her from the shadows\'85? And her parents, what had Markus done to them\'85?\
Markus.\
She had left Anna at the camp.\
Markus was there.\
Elsa dragged herself up, feeling her shaking arms wobble as she pushed off the ground. Her legs could barely support her weight. Every motion rattled her thoughts and exacerbated the headache, sparking yet another throb at her temple. But she needed to get to Anna before it was too late. Summoning an avalanche, the snow under her feet bore her down the mountain.\
She looked back just once at the Valley of the Living Rock, and she felt a pang of regret at the sight of nothing but a barren wasteland. Nothing was left. None of the trolls had deserved this. If she could take it all back, she would; but she had always been like this, full of regret, only after the damage she wrought could no longer be reversed. It was the same with her parents, with her heart, with the trolls.\
Everything she touched seemed destined to wilt and die away.\
Could she really expect the happiness she had with Anna to be different?\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa knew she was too late even before she arrived.\
Outside the perimeter of the encampment, she felt such dread that she almost lost control over her powers, nearly careening off the avalanche until she rebalanced herself. There was nothing to suggest that anything was out of the ordinary, but Elsa just knew with a bone-deep certainty that she had failed. She leapt off the avalanche and ran into camp, uncaring that she had abandoned poise. She pushed away any soldiers unfortunate enough to be in her path, throwing them aside with a whip of snow.\
She could not move fast enough. Even with the ice rippling under her feet, the snow pushing her along, the magical bursts from her hands propelling her forward, Elsa felt like she was crawling. She felt like she was dragging herself through mud.\
She needed to get there soon.\
She needed to\'e2\'80\'94\
"
\i Markus! Stop!
\i0 "\
Anna was right there, lying prone in the snow with her eyes closed, and she looked so pitifully fragile in comparison to the dominant strength that Markus wielded. Kristoff was there too, thrown to the side. Blood dyed the snow red, but Elsa couldn't tell whose it was. And Markus\'85\
Elsa arrived just in time to see Markus seize Anna by the throat, and she could do nothing but watch while her surrogate father lifted Anna up off the ground like a ragdoll. For a moment he ignored her scream, instead taking a moment to study Anna's face. Elsa didn't dare to even move. She watched until Markus finally decided to turn Anna around, his face a careful mask.\
"I will not hurt the girl," Markus said, but he kept a tight grasp on Anna. "Why are you in such a hurry, Elsa? Have you acquired the Mirror yet?"\
"Let Anna go," Elsa said. Just to the side Markus, Kristoff slowly picked himself up off the ground, and Elsa only dared to divert her attention to him for an instant. So the blood was his. Elsa could see the long gash running over his cheek. When their eyes met, Kristoff nodded and inched his way around Markus.\
"You did not answer my question," Markus said.\
"I'm begging you, please just let Anna go," Elsa said. She needed to stay calm. Anna was still alive. She was unconscious, but Elsa could see the rise and fall of her chest as she breathed shallow breaths. "I've never asked you for anything, Markus. But Anna is innocent."\
Markus scoffed. "Innocent? Look what she's done to you, to make you question me like this. Insolence that I would not have expected from you, my child."\
"
\i I am not your child!" 
\i0 \
At that moment, Kristoff leapt forward from behind Markus. Rather than collide with the king, he instead tumbled through a mass of shadow and collapsed into the snow with a groan. Markus, completely dissolved into an inky darkness, now took the silhouette of a shadowy beast with gleaming yellow eyes and held Anna within its grasp. It stood nearly twenty feet tall, immolated in dark flames, and before Elsa's eyes, the beast grew skeletal wings soon covered in the same black fire.\
"I surmise that you have learned the truth," Markus said, his voice a dull baritone layered with a watery double. "After what you've told me of the visions you see, I thought you might\'85but you disappoint me."\
"Just as much as I'm disappointed in myself," Elsa said.\
"If you want this girl returned to you, come to the castle with the shard." With that, the monster tilted its head towards Kristoff. "As for any others who would side with the enemy, stay here and rot. If you dare to show your face, then you will be judged accordingly."\
After those parting words, the shadow-beast took flight. Elsa wanted so much to attack. She could down the monster so easily, but not without hurting Anna. She was forced to watch helplessly as Markus flew away with Anna, vanishing into the horizon and beyond her reach. Even with all of her magic at her disposal, she felt powerless. She didn't even know who she could trust anymore.\
Her judgment was obviously worthless.\
"We need to go after them!" Kristoff yelled.\
Elsa whipped her arm into his chest, throwing the blond away. Kristoff landed in the snow, hard, crashing so suddenly that his head smacked into the ground. Before he even recovered, Elsa had slammed her foot onto his stomach.\
"How do I know I can trust you?" Elsa asked, advancing towards the blond.\
"I want to help Anna," Kristoff said, growling. Forcing himself up on his arms and staring back at her without even flinching, he spat, "Or do you want to just sit here?"\
Elsa felt her hand itch with electricity, the crackling fury of her magic just an instant away. It took every bit of self-control to stop from driving her hand through his heart. Anything to stop the garbage flowing from his mouth. Who did Bjorgman think he was, to doubt her feelings for Anna? She wanted nothing more than to save Anna. She would do anything to make sure she was safe. But slowly, as Kristoff continued to stare at her so accusingly, Elsa felt her anger drain away. She stepped back, hands shaking.\
Part of her was afraid of failing, because nothing else had ever gone right before. She had failed Anna so many times already. What did she have, except for this power that had done her nothing but harm?\
"She only has us now," Kristoff said, getting to his feet. "We need to go."\
"\'85Why should I bring you with me?"\
"You don't have any reason to. It's true that I might not be useful at all."\
"\'85Are you even trying to convince me?"\
"You can decide without me trying to persuade you one way or the other."\
Elsa inclined her head for him to follow. If Kristoff wanted to come along, then she would allow it as long as he didn't get in her way.\
She promised herself right then that she wouldn't fail again.\
She 
\i would 
\i0 save Anna.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Stay tuned for Chapter 44, which is my all-time favorite, and which I hope will be one of yours too. I've looked forward to this moment for a very, very long time. I will not be posting any more author's notes until the story is complete, so before we move on to the last few chapters, I want to thank everyone for their support. Reading all your reviews, seeing this story grow with so many favorites and follows, has been an amazing experience. I'm going to wait until the end before I talk on and on, so, for now: 
\b Thank you, everyone. 
\b0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 44: God Hath Given You One Face
\b0 \
Anna was bound to the throne, arms and legs shackled to the white stone by oscillating bands of shadow. She thought the flames would hurt, but instead, where the shackles touched there was no feeling at all. She could not feel the shackles, and it was almost worse than pain. She felt as though her limbs had all been detached from her body, leaving her drifting helplessly.\
"You have nothing to fear from me," Markus said. "If Elsa comes, no harm will come to you."\
"You \'97 are \'97 insane." Anna struggled to move, but the numbing effect of the shadows only spread. It was horrible. It was like she was being unmade, and she wondered, with a touch of panic, what would happen if it spread to her head. "What do you even want from Elsa? What did you do to her?"\
Markus walked away, and Anna could see his clenched hands shaking behind his back. She watched as he relentlessly paced through the throne room, back and forth, each time increasing his speed, his coattails flapping at his feet without cease. Finally, at the other end of the room, he whirled around. Storming toward her and seizing her shirt, Markus came so close that Anna could see the manic light of his eyes. It glowed so brightly that blue was 
\i all
\i0  she could see.\
"I loved my daughter more than anything," Markus said, half-hunched and snarling like an animal. "But she chose you, and betrayed me. If not for you, none of this would be happening!"\
"If you had never manipulated her at all, none of this would be happening," Anna retorted.\
Markus shoved her away so that she smashed against the back of the throne. But he seemed to have calmed. Studying her with a calculating gaze that Anna would have preferred to avoid, he said, "You have spirit. I can see why Elsa would place such value on you."\
"Thanks, but I don't need any compliments from you."\
"Why do you hate me so?" Markus asked.\
It was amazing that he sounded genuinely curious. Anna was speechless at the audacity, but once she found her voice again, she launched into a tirade.\
"I'm not even sure yet what you did to Elsa, but I know it can't be anything good," Anna said, tempted to try to spit at the man. "And Gustaf and Edmund? You are a sick, twisted man to do that to your family."\
"What do you know about them?" Markus asked sharply.\
"I know that you made Gustaf make a reliquary, just like you did to Elsa," Anna snapped. But contrary to the anger she expected from him, Markus only looked puzzled. She doubted he was faking. Markus had no need to trick her now. "And Edmund? I know that he's your grandson. You tore their family apart."\
At the mention of Edmund, Markus sharpened his gaze, practically boring holes into her head with his eyes. "How do you know about that? Who else knows? Does Edmund\'97?"\
Markus was interrupted by a rumble from outside.\
"Elsa is here," Markus said, looking out as though he could see her approach. "As soon as I have the complete Mirror under control, everything will be mine. Nothing else matters now."\
"You're a monster," Anna spat. "Elsa's going to take you down."\
"Oh, I have no doubt that she will try; I taught her well." Markus curled his lip. "You are more foolish than I believed, to think of her as any more innocent than myself. Do you know how we collect the shards? Do you realize how many are dead?"\
Maybe even the trolls. Pabbie. Bulda. All the other trolls who had welcomed her and tried their best to help. Were they gone? Anna couldn't even imagine. Had Elsa really killed them? But impossible as it was to imagine the loss of the trolls who were so full of life, she 
\i could 
\i0 see Elsa killing to fulfill her mission.\
"I don't think of her as innocent," Anna said.\
Markus raised an eyebrow.\
"But only because 
\i you 
\i0 twisted her mind and never let her think for herself," Anna said, once again straining to lean forward. For the first time in her life, she found herself consciously wanting to reach out and cause harm to this selfish, brutish man. "You never gave her a chance to be anything else."\
"More excuses?"\
"I don't know what she's going to choose in the future," Anna said. "But I know that she has a choice. If you think she's only ever going to be a killing machine, then you don't know her half as well as me."\
"\'85Wait and see," Markus said. "She will always be more mine than yours."\
With those last words he vanished, and Anna was left there to wait.\

\i She belongs to no one.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa marched through the gates of the Southern Isles Castle, pulverizing them with a wave of snow that bent the metal into an unrecognizable shape. She could barely control the power flooding through her veins, the power that responded to her rage and itched to unleash destruction. She wanted to tear the castle down, and only the thought that Anna was inside stopped her from doing so.\
Uncaring that Kristoff had trouble matching her pace, Elsa sped towards the doors and ripped them open, sending the wooden frame flying into the Great Hall.\
She thought she would need to search. She thought Anna would be hidden somewhere in the castle, but the first sight that welcomed her was Anna straight down the corridor and in the throne room. Elsa ran down the hall, each step bringing her closer to the redhead. With every step, the storm swept into the castle, and ice bled over the carpet, froze over on the chandeliers. Nothing impeded her approach.\
"Elsa!" Anna yelled. "Don't worry about me! Just don't give him what he wants\'97!"\
Anna's head snapped back as she was forced to quiet. Elsa couldn't see Markus anywhere, but she recognized that it was his magic which bound Anna to the throne. She prepared to blast off the shackles, but before she could get close, shadows burst from the floor and stretched from wall to wall. She could still see Anna behind its opaque surface, eyes wide and breathing harshly.\
"Just hang on, Anna. I'll get you out of this," Elsa said, preparing to shatter the barrier.\
"You won't manage it fast enough."\
At the sound of Markus' voice reverberating through the throne room, Elsa looked up at the ceiling. Still not here; Markus was only projecting his voice from somewhere else, and she could guess exactly where.\
"Let her go!" Elsa yelled. "Are you so afraid that you'll take a hostage?"\
"I know your power better than anyone, and I know that it eclipses my own. It would be foolish of me to make demands of you without insurance."\
Before Elsa could react, black flames erupted into existence on the other side of the wall. Spreading across the floor like the stone had been doused in oil, the blaze crawled closer and closer to Anna.\
Elsa immediately struck the wall, but the barrier only rippled as it absorbed her magic. She couldn't afford to use anything more powerful. She could break the barrier with lightning, but that would only exacerbate the flames. Elsa thought she would be driven mad at the sight of the first embers licking at Anna's feet, at the silent scream that Anna could only convey through her eyes.\
"What do you want?" Elsa demanded.\
"Give me the Mirror shard," Markus said.\
Anna furiously shook her head until she was once again slammed backwards, but Elsa didn't even need to think. Summoning the shard, she let it hover upwards and toward Markus, until the glass winked away with a flash of light. But even after, the fires never weakened. Elsa slammed her hands into the wall helplessly as Anna's boots were consumed, and as if sensing weakness, the flames intensified. Anna threw her head back, eyes screwed shut, as the acrid smell of burning flesh assaulted Elsa's senses.\
"Markus!" Elsa screamed. "I've given you what you want! Let Anna go!"\
"I have one more request to make," Markus said, and she could practically hear the cold smile in his voice. "You will join me for one final reunion."\
"Fine! Just stop this right now!"\
At once, the flames vanished as though they had never been. Elsa summoned lightning and shattered the wall, passing through even before the pieces had fallen to the floor. Ripping the shackles off Anna's wrists and ankles with one powerful swing of her hand, Elsa swept the girl in her arms. Anna smiled blearily, but even dazed, her smile was as beautiful as always. Elsa finally allowed herself to smile back, relieved beyond words that Anna was unharmed. She could have never forgiven herself otherwise.\
"I-I am so sorry for everything," Elsa said.\
"No, I'm sorry," Anna said.\
Elsa shook her head. "You were always right about Markus. I was blind. I should have listened to you."\
"I'm not always right," Anna murmured. "I was wrong about a lot of things. I made you a lot of promises that I couldn't keep."\
"When you were outside the tent, and I knew you were there\'85I was so happy," Elsa said. "Even after everything, you still won't give up on me. I don't know how I can ever thank you enough. I'm sorry."\
Elsa vaguely realized this was the first time they had spoken since Arendelle. She had never imagined their reunion like this, on the cusp of battle against Markus; but despite the circumstance, everything felt right between them. Elsa was relieved. It was as though they had never been apart. Or, rather, they had been apart and came together again somehow better than they were before.\
Anna cupped her face, and Elsa leaned into the touch. "Stop saying that you're sorry. You have nothing to be sorry for, especially not when we've come so far now. We\'85can make it work. We'll keep trying."\
"Yes," Elsa said, smiling.\
"And when we have some more time," Anna said, grinning, "I can give you my big speech all over again. I still need to apologize properly, and you are going to hear it this time."\
Before Elsa had time to ask what Anna could possibly have to be sorry for, Kristoff arrived. While Anna shouted about being glad to see him, Elsa deposited the redhead into Kristoff's arms.\
"Anna, I'm going to numb the burns. Just distract yourself and talk to him," Elsa said. Once Anna nodded and began tentatively to talk, she allowed the cold to envelop her hand. It had been a long time since she did anything with such finesse. Since her separation from Anna. Elsa gently laid her hand over Anna's feet, hurting as badly at the sight of reddened and blistered skin as if she were the one burned.\
"I'm glad you're all right," Anna said, and Kristoff shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck.\
"Sorry I was basically useless."\
"Well, I don't think you \'97 were!" Anna winced, and Elsa calmed her magic as best she could. "S-So, uhh, I haven't seen Sven around lately."\
"Oh, yeah." Kristoff groaned. "We left him in Arendelle. Dammit, Elsa."\
"I barely had time to let you tag along, let alone a reindeer."\
Having done as much as she could for her wounds, Elsa drew away from Anna. After so long apart, she wished they could have more time together and she longed to stay here, stay with Anna; but right now, the pressing matter was Markus. If this wasn't resolved, she would never be able to find solace.\
"Anna, I'm sorry you had to get involved in this." Elsa tilted her head upwards, knowing that Markus was still waiting up above. "If not for me, then you would still be safely at home. But\'85I'm going to fix all this."\
"\'85You're going to meet him."\
"Whatever Markus is planning, he needs to be stopped."\
Anna stared into her eyes, probing glance reflecting an understanding of so much more than what Elsa managed to say. Elsa knew that her reasons for stopping Markus were not so noble as she made them sound. Markus was mad, but Elsa only wanted the truth. She wanted to hear from him exactly what had transpired all those years ago. She wanted \'97 needed \'97 confirmation of what she already knew.\
"Stay safe," Anna murmured.\
"I promise I'll come back. And then\'85we can start over," Elsa said. She turned to Kristoff. "Watch over Anna for me. Get her someplace safe, and don't look back."\
Elsa spared no more time. As she strode out the throne room and up the stairs leading to the balcony level, all her thoughts were on Markus. As she began to climb up the tower to where he awaited, anger built in the pit of her stomach. Elsa took the stairs one, then two, then three at a time, her magic roiling beneath her skin and filling her senses with the sharpest cold.\
She hated Markus so violently that it made her sick. She could almost feel a flush of heat before the sick chill washed over her again, bringing with it the promise of revenge. But by the time she reached the top of the staircase, the relentless anger was gone, and in its place was the sting of betrayal. No matter how hard she tried to hold onto hate, she only felt hurt. It was a strange sensation. Murder had always been a thing preceded by cold calculation, or unfettered rage.\
Never had she been afraid.\
Elsa stepped into the chamber and saw Markus at the far end of the tower's circumference, on the border of the larger circle that encompassed the carved runes on the floor. Standing there unarmored, unarmed, Markus still looked like the benevolent father that she remembered. Behind him was the Mirror, humming with song that Elsa had heard only from the snow. Nearly completed with the addition of the Arendellian shard, only the tiniest cracks speckled its otherwise pristine surface.\
Save for a perfectly symmetrical gap in the middle, shaped in the form of a six-pointed snowflake.\
"Elsa," Markus said, once he saw her approach. "Will you let me speak?"\
"I will listen," Elsa said.\
She thought she saw him breathe a sigh of relief.\
"Let me tell you the story of the Southern Isles."\
"A long time ago, there were gods." Markus' voice echoed, carried through the chamber walls. "Men and women who transcended their mortal trappings, with the power of the Mirror at their command. They existed in a state of infinite majesty, glorious immortals who shaped the world around them."\
Elsa cautiously stepped closer to him, glimpsing, at long last, the reason behind his madness.\
"Until the Mirror was shattered, and those rulers were banished from their home. Stripped of their power and their dignity, they were sent away to wander the lonely corners of the world. Arendelle was lost and became a home to the weak, and the strong founded a new kingdom upon the ashes of their exile. We, the royal lineage of the Southern Isles, are their descendants."\
She stepped closer still. As soon as Elsa touched one of the lines etched on the floor, the runes glowed with white light that flooded the carving like a liquid, until the entire carving shone.\
"And you are one of us, Elsa."\
Markus sounded so earnest that it frightened her a little.\
"How does any of this concern me?" Elsa asked.\
"Do you still not see?"\
Markus gestured with a wild motion towards the gap in the Mirror, the snowflake insignia missing from the center, and then jerked his head upwards. Elsa followed his gaze to her reliquary, the six-pointed snowflake that had been torn from her heart.\
"Your heart is the last piece of the Mirror. You 
\i are 
\i0 the Mirror reincarnated."\
Now Markus was the one to step closer, and he outstretched his hand.\
"Listen to me, Elsa. It was always my mandate to avenge the indignities of my ancestors. Imagine my surprise when the one shard that we still possessed led me to you. It was then that I realized \'97 I was destined to set you on the path. I was to be your guide. You are the one meant to restore the Mirror to its glory, and together, we can do so much. Anything we desire, Elsa. Anything can be ours."\
It was tempting.\
It really was tempting to just take his hand.\
"If you really meant for us to work together\'85" Elsa smiled. She would have fallen for this, once. She would have believed him like a fool. "Why did you have me carve out my heart?"\
It was just for a brief moment, but the ugliness that came over Markus' features could not be masked. Elsa saw the madness clearly. Slowly, Markus withdrew his hand.\
"So you have chosen to disregard everything I have done for you."\
"What 
\i have 
\i0 you done for me?"\
"Yes, I have taken from you," Markus admitted. "But I have also given you so much more. Is it not a fitting trade, your life of royalty? And all of this could be yours. All of this power, this control\'97!"\
"How could you bear my trust and love all these years?"\
Elsa nearly shook, with anger, with remorse, with guilt. She clenched her hand tight at her side, fingernails digging into her palms. She couldn't bear the thought that she had been so easily deceived. She had been so blind. All these years, she had sought comfort from the man who had ruined her family.\
"Tell me the truth," Elsa said. "What did you do?"\
"But 
\i you 
\i0 were the one to kill them."\
"I am asking you \'97 what \'97 you \'97 did."\
She punctuated each word harshly.\
It was only because of Markus that she had done it.\
"\'85Hate cannot be taught. It must be learned." Markus laughed uproariously, throwing his head back and barking out guttural, scathing laughs. "Do you think your parents were really free of blame?"\
"It was\'97"\
"I did nothing that was not already there," Markus hissed. "I changed part of your memories, but false memories would never be enough. You needed to 
\i feel 
\i0 the pain for yourself, pain that you learned when your parents cast you into the fire. They were under spell, but you already know how this magic works, this magic derived from the Mirror's power. Desire, Elsa. Your parents 
\i never 
\i0 accepted you, or they would never have been capable of their savagery!"\
There was a moment of silence between them, when even the humming of the Mirror seemed to quiet.\
"I am the only one who has ever fully accepted you," Markus said. "I 
\i need 
\i0 you, Elsa."\
"Is that why you were capable of tearing me away from my family?" Elsa knelt and laid her hand over the glowing stone. Grudgingly, she marveled at the complexity of the runes. It was an ingenuous working that must have taken years and years to refine. "What desire do 
\i you 
\i0 have?"\
Markus said nothing.\
She knew he wasn't telling the whole truth.\
"Whatever these runes are for, anyone can make use of them. You always intended to do this without me." Elsa rose, and the light spiked in response before settling again. "What now, Markus? What is the point of all this?"\
His face contorted briefly with rage, or hate, or some other emotion that he could not fully control.\
"It's true," Markus said. "I had hoped it would not come to this, but this magic will allow me to wrest control of your heart. I had hoped you would cooperate, Elsa."\
"Even after what you have done to me, Markus?"\
"\'85You are no longer needed. If you will not aid me willingly, then you are useless. Worse than useless! You are both unworthy and ungrateful of the power bestowed upon you."\
Markus spun around and placed his hand over the Mirror, fingers clenched over its surface. It levitated out its frame and drifted to the spot where Markus' tomb had once been, where the floor had been carved out into a circular indentation. Locking into place, the Mirror rested there now.\
"The Mirror is powerful enough now to complete itself by its own will," Markus said. "All the shards will return to its call, torn from the hearts of men. And after I take your heart, and force my will upon it\'85I will become a god."\
Her heart shone bright above them like a star illuminating the night sky, the darkness that pervaded this chamber which had once been hers. Markus turned, slowly, and Elsa met his stare. It was cruel and pitiless, and burned away the last shreds of doubt that she had harbored.\
Elsa prepared herself to sever this last bond she had with her father and mentor.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Another tremor shook the castle.\
"We should get out of here," Kristoff said.\
Anna felt her stomach plummet when Kristoff broke into a dead run, carrying her within his arms. But strangely, once they reached the Great Hall, Kristoff did not run out the doors. Instead, he dashed to the side and kicked down the door to the princes' wing, careening backwards just a little from the force. Steadying himself quickly, Kristoff set off down the hall.\
"Where are you\'97?"\
"Edmund is still here," Kristoff said, rounding the corner just as a ponderous roar sounded above their heads. Another tremor rocked through the castle, so strongly this time that the paintings fell. Even the potted plants toppled over, shattering into bits of porcelain.\
"Whose bright idea was it to leave him here?" Anna exclaimed, holding her hand over her head as dust began to fall from the cracking ceiling. "Seriously, why would everyone leave 
\i but 
\i0 Edmund?"\
Her question was answered once Kristoff burst through Edmund's door, and Anna saw the normally lively prince sitting in bed, face pale and sickly. She almost didn't recognize him. When he saw them, though, he still smiled. It didn't quite reach his eyes, whose color had dulled somewhat, fogged by a cold, glassy haze. Edmund eased himself out of bed, seemingly undisturbed by the commotion.\
"Good to see you again, Anna," Edmund said, his voice carrying a quiet, measured quality it had not possessed before. "You are exactly the person I wanted to see."\
"A-Are you all right?"\
"Never been better, actually."\
Strangely, Edmund sounded sincere, and hopeful, despite his illness taking an obvious toll. Seeing him hobble towards them, looking so reduced, she couldn't imagine how he was still optimistic.\
"Are we leaving?" Edmund asked.\
"O-Oh!" Anna nodded. "Yeah, we should."\
Anna jumped out of Kristoff's arms, wincing just a little at the pain in her feet.\
"Carry Edmund instead," Anna said, ignoring Kristoff's protest. She snatched up a pair of shoes from Edmund's collection and shoved them on. "I'm fine, Elsa did a good job. I barely feel the pain anymore."\
"Hey, I'm all right too," Edmund said, and Kristoff groaned. "I can walk. It's faster this way."\
"Look, Edmund\'97"\
"I know my limits well," Edmund said.\
Before Anna or Kristoff could argue, Edmund left the room. His pace was just as fast as Kristoff, surprising for someone still recovering from illness; but his 
\i movements 
\i0 were what truly surprised Anna, fluid movements filled with some frenetic energy. She followed, and together, the three of them left the wing and entered the Great Hall again, leaving through the main doors to the courtyard.\
Outside, Anna craned her neck to look upwards. High above them, the uppermost spires of the castle were wreathed in unnatural dark clouds, thick billows that continuously circled the tower and obscured it from view. As she watched, the sky was briefly illuminated by a burst of white light, followed immediately by another tremor and a distant sound like a thunderclap.\
"Anna! We need to go," Kristoff said.\
She shook her head and kept going, joining Kristoff and Edmund ahead at the castle gates. Just before they could pass through, a barrier manifested around the castle walls. There was no forewarning of its appearance. One moment the skies had been clear, and the next, a shimmering, gold-tinted barrier erupted into existence around the entire castle grounds, diamond-shaped and impregnable. It was transparent \'97 tantalizing them with the outside world.\
"What the hell is happening?" Kristoff said, open-mouthed.\
All around them, the skies were filled with pockets of spiraling air, diagonal rifts with jagged edges, as though the air had been torn like a thick, fibrous cloth. It first vibrated, and then shook wildly, distorted, before finally snapping into the vortexes they saw now. Everywhere they touched, the elements fluctuated without reason; Anna saw the stone walls sag like melting candle wax, the falling snow boil into water that hung suspended, shimmering a rainbow of colors, before falling as rain. Even the light that struck the vortexes refracted without order, casting shadows where they ought not to be.\
"It's the Mirror at work," Edmund said suddenly. "It's unstable this close to completion, and seeking equilibrium. Look. All reality is being warped. All the elements are thrown into chaos."\
Edmund sounded remarkably blas\'e9 about the insanity around them. If Anna didn't know better she would have thought he was commenting on sunny weather with clear skies.\
"How do you even\'85know that?" Anna asked.\
"Does it matter right now?" Kristoff said, pointing at the castle gates that were undulating wildly. "We can't get through here. It's not even safe outside!"\
"We should head back inside," Edmund said.\
Anna would have preferred braving the outside, but Edmund had a point. Even now, the ground rippled as though something were traveling underneath. Kristoff grabbed her arm and led her back inside, where everything had become warped. Ink melted and bled down the canvases of the paintings, their contents distorted into faceless portraits and twisted landscapes. Above, the crystal drops of the chandelier turned into unending rain that fell upon a single spot. Even the staircase had been blocked.\
"Follow me," Edmund said, taking the lead and bringing them left.\
But almost everywhere they went, they encountered roadblocks. Whether it was the floor suddenly forming a wall, or the walls closing in on them, the castle itself seemed hostile to their escape. And the crowd of people too, all the fleeing servants who had no idea what was happening. It was a rush of people like she had never seen. Anna saw the mob trample some of their own coworkers underfoot, and even when she stopped to help, they only brushed her off and continued running.\
"Look, we can all work together and\'97!"\
"There's no use," Edmund said, pulling her back while Kristoff warded off the crowd. "When it comes down to it, everybody looks after themselves."\
She wished she could argue, but another mob raced down the corridor and Anna had to fight through the tangle of limbs. One maid rushed past, striking Edmund in the chest so heavily that he crumpled to the floor coughing. Kristoff quickly stooped and picked him up.\
"Pretty sure it's faster 
\i this 
\i0 way now," Kristoff said.\
"\'85Thank you," Edmund murmured.\
"Where exactly are we trying to go?" Anna asked.\
"I think the chapel will be safe. It's always had magic. Hopefully it'll be enough to protect us."\
It was the best plan they had for now. With one problem \'97 Anna knew the path to the chapel, and it had already been sealed off by something that resembled dry ice. But Anna remembered there was a second way, and she recognized this path that Edmund was taking them.\
"We're taking the hidden entrance," Anna said, and Edmund nodded.\
"Just keep giving me directions," Kristoff said.\
They forged on, dodging the strange phenomenon that came to life. Once they passed Gustaf's room, though, their path seemed to clear up. Anna held her breath as the three of them raced down the twisting corridor that led to the blank wall, each step bringing them closer and closer to safety. Her feet pounded in time with the beat of her heart against her chest. Behind them, Anna could hear the air tearing apart. But they were close now. Just another corner, surely\'85\
"We made it!" Anna shouted.\
Safety was just in sight when it happened.\
Kristoff ground to a halt and Anna looked back, mouth opening in a small gasp when she saw the air distorting all around him. Just behind him was a growing vortex sucking in everything around itself, even bending the light so that there grew an inky darkness within its confines. Kristoff pushed against the suction with all his strength, actually managing to advance a little even as the skin of his face seemed to pull inwards. In his arms, Edmund narrowed his eyes, not with fear, but with cold resolve.\
"Kristoff!" Anna cast her gaze about, looking for anything she could use to pull Kristoff and Edmund back, anything at all, but her thoughts were scattered with panic. Nothing. Everything was just a mess of ruined rubble. "Hang on, I've got you guys. Just wait one more second, I swear I'll get you out of there\'97"\
Edmund raised his head, hand outstretched to do 
\i something
\i0 , but at that moment Kristoff threw him forward. Anna didn't react in time. Edmund crashed into her and the two of them sprawled to the floor, sliding backwards just enough to hit the wall that would lead to the chapel.\
"What are you\'85?" Edmund began.\
"Don't worry about me," Kristoff said, reaching out one last time. "Just keep each other safe!"\
"Wait\'97!"\
But Anna was too late.\
Kristoff was drawn away into the rift.\
His body sloughed into liquid streams that spiraled through the vortex, until nothing remained.\
Anna stared at the spot where Kristoff had been, paralyzed by horror and shock. She could hardly comprehend what had just happened. One moment he had been standing right there, as strong as always, always reliable, and the next \'97 Kristoff was gone. She would never see him again.\
Edmund looked no less shocked, but in a different way. It was a questioning gaze, the expression of someone confused and puzzling over an enigma. He was frowning, eyes narrowed in consternation as though he couldn't understand why Kristoff had done what he had.\
"\'85We need to keep going," Edmund said blankly.\
Anna honestly didn't think he sounded like he cared.\
Placing his hand over the wall, Edmund opened the passageway. Only when Anna saw his outstretched hand did she remember to keep moving. Her limbs felt burdened by lead. She wanted to just collapse, and without Edmund, she likely would have done just that. Following him through the dark passage that had no more of the rifts, they eventually stepped through the threshold and into the chapel.\
It was the first time Anna had been here since the capturing of the Sorcerer.\
She remembered it well.\
Already the candles were all lighted, as though for vigil, and their faint orange glow cast flickering silhouettes on the walls. At the front of the chapel, the destroyed altar had been replaced with a winged angel, sword drawn for battle. But not all had been repaired. Even now, the stained windowpane that hid the passageway was still broken, letting the two of them step through unhindered; Anna remembered the fear and anticipation as she walked through the last time, unknowing of just who she would find. Stepping through here again, and seeing Edmund, she felt the strangest sense of d\'e9j\'e0 vu.\
Anna couldn't shake an odd chill that had settled into her bones.\
"I can't believe Kristoff is gone," Anna mumbled.\
"\'85Why did he do that?"\
She glanced over to see Edmund still looking as puzzled as before. With his eyebrows drawn together and his lips set into a frown, he looked like he was vexed over a particularly elusive mystery.\
"Because he wanted to save you," Anna said.\
"Yes, but\'85I don't understand why. It doesn't make sense. Why wouldn't he try to save himself instead? What did he have to gain from trying to help me?"\
"There\'85wasn't a reason," Anna said. "Kristoff just cared about the two of us."\
Edmund grew silent.\
Anna had seen the smile on Kristoff's face right before he disappeared into the vortex. Kristoff had been glad he could save them both. She could mope here all day, or she could honor his memory the way he would have wanted. It still hurt, now, but she would have time later to grieve. She couldn't let herself break down here. Not until all this was settled.\
"What do we do now?" Anna said, thinking aloud. "It's safe here, but there has to be something we can do for all those people outside. We need to get them to safety\'97"\
"There's nothing more to be done."\
Anna watched as Edmund walked to the altar and fell to his knees. Hands clasped together at his chest, and lips mouthing a prayer in silence, he stared unblinkingly at the angel.\
"Are you praying for Kristoff?" Anna asked.\
"Not just him. Alvard, Tobias, Reid, Kristoff," Edmund recited, pausing so subtly on the next name that it was almost imperceptible. "And Gustaf. Everyone who has sacrificed themselves for me."\
"What do you\'85mean?"\
"Let me ask you something, Anna."\
Edmund rose to his feet.\
"Having learned all that you have learned\'85I want to know your thoughts."\
Edmund bowed his head. Even from behind, Anna could see the tension straining his neck.\
"What you think is right and wrong\'85are those things\'85right and wrong for everybody else, too? Whatever purpose you keep living for\'85are those things\'85real for everyone, or are they just an illusion? What you think is your true face\'85the face behind the mask\'85is that really\'85your true face?"\
"I-I don't understand," Anna said. "I'm not wearing any mask."\
"No, you never have, and you never will, because you...are Anna," Edmund said softly.\
Edmund was scaring her more with every word. It was something in his voice, an unhinged edge that gave all his words an unsettling, whispery lilt. Because it was 
\i too 
\i0 calm. It was the voice of someone who had nothing more to lose, someone who stood on the precipice and looked down into the abyss, and found even that was infinitely better than the hell to which he had been condemned.\
"\'85I am so tired, Anna."\
Anna took a step forward, but stopped when Edmund shook his head.\
"Is something wrong?"\
"Nothing is wrong. Soon, there will be nothing left to be wrong."\
Anna watched Edmund carefully. His head was raised, now, tilted barely to one side as though he were pondering some great question.\
"Because I've learned to have faith, Anna. There's something I need to tell you." Edmund took a deep breath and exhaled, slowly and laboriously, as though the very act pained him. "You've been great."\
"Y-You too," Anna said.\
She meant that. She couldn't imagine having come this far without Edmund. Edmund had always been a kindred soul, and her closest friend since she arrived at the Southern Isles; the friend who had encouraged her, given her guidance; the friend who had opened her eyes about Elsa, and even saved her life from Gustaf at the risk of his own. Anna couldn't think of another person she had trusted more.\
But something about him scared her now.\
"What's wrong, Edmund? Why are you telling me this?"\
Edmund turned around, body disintegrating into shadows.\
"I'm going to miss you."\
His voice was the last thing Anna remembered before she blacked out, but she realized, just before the darkness overtook her senses, that she knew that voice.\
It was the same one she had heard in her nightmares.\
It was the voice of the man in the mask.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She could only see darkness.\
Markus, having taken the hulking form of the shadow-beast, loomed nearly fifteen feet over her head and practically took up the entire chamber space. Elsa sped around the tower's circumference, eyes tracking every miniscule movement as Markus turned to follow. She whipped her arm forward, sending a wave of snow crashing towards the beast, but what should have been bone-crushing force only melted against the black flames that comprised its body.\
Elsa raised her free arm, and an arc of ice bloomed just in time to block the shadowy fist that slammed down. Seeing the ice begin to crack, she sped around again, just before her wall shattered.\
"How long are you going to run?" Markus bellowed.\
Just long enough to summon her lightning.\
Elsa came to an abrupt halt, adjusting the flow of her magic to launch her backwards as another blow crashed into the floor. Halfway through her flip, she twisted in midair and stabbed two fingers forward. Lightning rushed forward, devastating, surging with power enough to demolish the whole tower at once.\
It changed course and was redirected to the floor, striking the runes and coursing along the grooves. Elsa watched as her lightning flooded into the Mirror and its surface rippled once, twice. Its humming grew louder, and the light that emanated from its surface glowed brighter before settling once more.\
"Right now, so close to the end, your magic will only force the Mirror to activate and complete itself," Markus said. "How will you fight me when you cannot use your powers to their capacity?"\
"You should know my power most of all," Elsa said. When next Markus struck, she rocketed forward and sliced through the limb with a blade of ice. Hearing the pained roar that erupted from the beast, her lips curled into a cold smile. "I won't need lightning for this."\
Markus reeled back and the shadows coagulated, forming a new hand. With a thunderous rumble, Markus lashed out. Elsa threw herself away from the attack and his fist struck the walls, punching straight through, but Markus seemed to have no intention of stopping. Following Elsa's movements, he swung his arm around, crashing through the stone and ice as he went. By the time he was finished, he had carved out the entire wall, leaving only a jagged frame and sending rubble crashing down to earth.\
Elsa dodged the falling debris as even the ceiling collapsed, weaving through the boulders and flinging them aside with her magic. Up above, the chandelier, and her reliquary, freely suspended itself.\
Now open-aired, the tower was assaulted by the elements. So far above the ground, the winds were strong and battered with audible force. Within an instant, thick flurries of snow swept in, swirling and eddying in the erratic currents, but wherever they touched the runes, they burned away. Even through the snowstorm, Elsa could see the glow of the Mirror brightening further, until the light became its own miniature sun amidst the turmoil of white.\
Elsa leapt atop a ramp and glided upwards, defying gravity as the ice spiraled around Markus. She never stopped moving even as the man threw bolt after bolt of dark flames, missing each time as she sped past. Even when Markus threw the fire into her path, she only stomped her foot, growing an arc that curved over the flames, and continued on. Higher and higher she went, her right arm outstretched so that she never stopped unleashing a cold wave on the shadowy beast. Her efforts were aided by the weather adding another layer of frost even as the last melted, again and again.\
Before long, she had constructed a web of ice around Markus.\
Ignoring the beast's shrill scream, she leapt off the end of the ramp, directly over the only opening of the entrapping web. Looking down, she could look past the gleaming yellow eyes, see through the shadows to where Markus hovered inside the monster that encased him. Their eyes were not so different. Cruel, gleaming with hate and fury. Markus opened his mouth in a silent scream just as Elsa clenched her fist, fighting past the growing pressure inside the web.\
And the dome of ice compressed, crushing everything within its grasp.\
Elsa landed and whirled around, flinging her arm to the side with a violent swing. With an earsplitting explosion the ice burst apart, sending shrapnel flying in all directions.\
"Are you ready to fight me yourself?" Elsa asked.\
None of the shadows remained. Markus lay face-down at the center of the circle, blood gushing from a gash on the top of his head. Slowly he pushed himself up, raising his head and revealing glowing blue eyes. His face was terrifying in its rage, all the more threatening despite his injury. Now he was a wounded beast. Blood ran down his forehead and into his eye, falling again as tears that painted one side of his face.\
"How 
\i dare 
\i0 you raise your hand to me, you ungrateful whelp," Markus hissed.\
Shadows leapt forward, and the fury of Markus' magic was unlike anything Elsa had ever experienced. It was a soundless apocalypse that poured forth from his hands and crashed through even the barrier of her ice, enveloping her completely. Elsa could not see, hear, or even feel anything but darkness, the excruciating pull of his magic on all sides, threatening to tear her body apart and scatter her mind.\
But Elsa was powerful too. Jaw clenched so that she would not scream, Elsa pushed back against the magic that was trying to infiltrate her very being. Her mouth opened in a long scream as she broke through the spell, and Markus' magic was shattered. Flung backwards like a ragdoll in a hurricane, Markus rolled along the floor and hit the side of the tower's skeletal frame.\
Their combined magic was propelled outwards in a cataclysm of ice and shadow, and now many of the surrounding spires toppled to the ground. Even the castle shook with violent tremors; Elsa crouched to steady herself, taking just a brief moment to recover from the assault.\
"Get up," Elsa said.\
Time seemed to move slowly. Elsa formed a sword of ice in her hand and charged across the tower towards Markus. Stumbling to his feet, two blades sliding out from underneath his sleeves, Markus slashed viciously at the air, and from the tips of his swords, crescents of shadow flowed forth.\
Elsa batted the spells aside, closing the distance between them within a second. Markus met her sword with his own blades, pivoting just slightly to redirect her forward. Elsa snarled and whipped her sword back around, slamming her sword down again and again, and again and again he parried. Until she swung too hard and overextended; Markus immediately capitalized, stabbing straight forward at her gut. Elsa twisted out of the way as best she could, but even still, the blade sliced deep into her side.\
Now Markus was on the offensive, and she knew he relished every moment. Twin blades scissored for her head, and Elsa could only duck to avoid decapitation. She leapt back from the next attempt, only for Markus to bring one blade crashing down into hers, the force sending numbing jolts up her arm. Before she could react, Markus spun and kicked her wound, releasing another spray of blood.\
Elsa fell backwards and landed on her back, barely able to see past the pain. Only reflex saved her when Markus slashed down and she rolled away, getting back on her feet just in time to block another flurry of slashes. Each of Markus' blades moved differently; Elsa knew he was ambidextrous, but not to this extent, that he could make attacks with both hands, in completely different directions at the same time, so that she was hard-pressed to block both. Finally, Markus flipped the sword in his right hand so that it was pommel-first and backhanded Elsa across the face.\
She reeled back, mouth filling with blood.\
"Worthless," Markus spat. "All of my time spent on you, wasted! You could have been so much more than this. I loved you, I would have given you everything, and you betrayed me!"\
"
\i You 
\i0 betrayed
\i  me!"
\i0 \
Elsa ran forward as Markus scissored his swords, and she slammed her blade in between as fast as she could, swinging down with all her strength so that Markus was forced to separate them; and then she dropped her own blade, and threw herself forward with a furious scream.\
Elsa forgot about magic entirely.\
She just wanted Markus dead.\
Elsa drove her entire body into Markus, sending them both crashing to the floor. Markus scrambled to rise, but Elsa seized his legs and forced him down again, ignoring one last desperate swing that struck her face and broke her jaw. She couldn't feel the pain past her rage. Markus struck at her savagely, kicking the wound in her side again and again, but Elsa ignored the blows and pinned him down.\
"No! No, you\'97!"\
Markus broke into a hacking cough, and Elsa very almost laughed. Here was the disease making its reappearance, at the perfect timing. She 
\i reveled 
\i0 in the irony that Markus would die like this.\
Elsa wrapped her hands around his throat, squeezing with all her strength. Her vision was blurred, either from pain or fury, but she could look down and see the fear on Markus' features. His eyes opened wide as they stared into her own, their matching color reflecting the same murderous storm.\
"Go to hell," Elsa spat.\
She tightened her hands around his neck, and slammed his head into the stone floor, again and again. Elsa felt Markus wrench his hand into her side, searing her skin with flames, but though she could smell her own burning flesh, she could not feel the pain. Markus opened his mouth soundlessly, eyes panicked, but his wry, brittle strength did him little good. Any other time, he could have overpowered her easily, but right then, fueled by adrenaline, Elsa refused to let go.\
Shaking with effort, every thought consumed by the pain that wracked her body, Elsa hung on. She wanted to see his skull shatter, his spine snap\'97\
With the last of his strength, Markus slammed his head into hers.\
Elsa faltered, and Markus managed to force his hand between them, finding his way to the gash in her side. Shadows flooded 
\i into 
\i0 the wound, and the paralyzing pain finally became too much, the red haze in her vision faded to white. Elsa's grip loosened. Markus kicked her off and she collapsed backwards, feeling her ruthless hatred scatter into the wind as her head struck the cold, hard floor.\
She tried to rise. Her muscles screamed in protest, and her limbs rested heavy and unresponsive. She simply lay there, staring up at the snowflakes drifting down.\
\'85They were beautiful.\
\'85What had she been doing?\
She could hear a horrible retching as Markus struggled to breathe, and she realized, vaguely, that he would not be getting up again. Elsa could feel her magic at work healing the wounds she had sustained. Her reliquary glowed, bringing her magic welling into her veins again. Her jawbone snapped into its proper position. Her burns mended. Even the gash in her side closed itself. Elsa rolled onto her front and slowly pushed herself up, watching as her father heaved, broken in both power and dignity.\
"Markus," Elsa whispered.\
Even after everything, this was the man who had raised her as his own. Regardless of his motives \'97 Elsa knew that, somewhere deep inside, he had cared for her in his own way. It couldn't have all been faked. And she knew that she had cared for him. She 
\i still 
\i0 did, despite everything, or else she would not have felt such cheated rage at the betrayal. Elsa walked closer and knelt down next to him.\
"It's over, Markus."\
"Not\'85over\'85yet\'85"\
Elsa stepped away, shaking her head. She would let Markus live. She owed him that much, at least, and living out the rest of his days, unable to satiate his lust for control, would be punishment enough. She still needed to dismantle his spell, but after that, everything would be right again. It was over at last.\
She heard footsteps from behind.\
Anna was coming up the stairs, each step slow and deliberate, as though testing the staircase. Once she stepped into the ring, she looked around her surroundings, face carefully blank.\
"I thought I told you to get away from here," Elsa said, but she smiled anyway.\
"I couldn't let you have all the fun," Anna said, meeting her eyes with a soft smile. When she stepped closer though, her gaze settled on Markus and her lips turned into a frown. "Is he still\'85?"\
"It's fine; Markus can't hurt anyone now." Elsa turned and walked to where the Mirror rested, summoning it from its confines so that it hovered upright in the air once more. It was so close to completion. She could complete it with only a thought, and then with its power, anything was possible.\
"What are you going to do with that?" Anna asked.\
"I'm going to scatter the pieces," Elsa said, though it pained her to think of breaking the artifact now that she knew their connection. It was better, though, that no one could abuse its powers.\
"Are you\'85sure?"\
"It's for the best."\
Anna didn't say anything.\
Elsa turned away. She focused on the Mirror and the almost hypnotizing glow of its surface, the white-etched kaleidoscope design spinning as the Mirror rotated slowly. Where once the shattered pieces had made it impossible to recognize the design, she could see it clearly now. Where the lines met in the center was meant to be her heart. Elsa looked up at the reliquary, at the snowflake, the vital portion of her heart that she had carved out. It would be so easy to just use the Mirror and fix herself.\
But, Elsa thought, she didn't need the Mirror anymore.\
She had Anna.\
"I think it's really admirable that you're doing this," Anna murmured. Elsa heard her walk closer, laying one hand over her shoulder from behind. "Really, I do. It has to take a lot of strength."\
"\'85Thank you, Anna."\
Elsa summoned her power once more, preparing to scatter the shards. She would send them to the ends of the earth, where no one could assemble them again. Elsa raised her hand, but at that moment, her attention was drawn to Markus. Where he lay on the floor just a few feet ahead, he raised his hand. Not to tell her to stop. Not to try to strike her down. Not, even, to do anything for himself just this once.\
It was a warning.\
But it came too late.\
Elsa felt a cold blade slide into her back, neatly passing between the vertebrae of her spine.\
It was just a brief instance of pain, but also the worst pain she had ever felt. It was unadulterated agony that jolted through her entire back, then throughout her whole body, until all feeling went away. Elsa would have fallen if not for the strong grip now curling around her shoulders, and then she realized the pain was still there. It wasn't physical. She felt it where her heart had once rested, felt a breathless, reasonless horror at the realization that only one person could have done this.\
Anna leaned in and grinned.\
"Are you afraid...Sis?"\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 45: Either Victory, Or Else A Grave
\b0 \
Anna relaxed her grip on her shoulders, and Elsa collapsed.\
She could not understand what was happening. Every thought was muddled, even as the multitude of her denials flooded her mind. Anna would never do this. She felt like she was trapped in a nightmare, submerged under the crushing darkness of the ocean. She wanted, needed, to wake up, but that reprieve never came no matter how hard she wished for it. With the last of her strength, Elsa craned her head to see Anna staring down with pitiless eyes.\
"You look so confused," Anna said, sighing.\
"Y-You cannot be Anna."\
"I am!" Anna said, crouching on one knee at her side. "I'm the only one your defenses don't activate around, right? You have to recognize me. It's not like you could be wrong about something like that." Her eyes curved when she smiled, hiding the distinctly 
\i different 
\i0 gaze. "Who you see before you...is Princess Anna of Arendelle."\
"I refuse to believe that," Elsa snarled.\
She tried to get up, but the knife embedded in her back sent liquid fire coursing through her body. Elsa would have screamed if she could, but the pain was so intense that it stole away her voice, so that her mouth opened into a silent scream of agony. Every movement was torturous. For a while she could see nothing but white, and she thought she might throw up from the pain.\
"Be careful, that probably hurt. You should know better than to try to move," Anna said. "And seriously, please don't try to pull the knife out. Your powers are keeping you from being paralyzed for life, but some damage even you can't heal."\
"Who\'85are\'85you\'85?"\
"I wasn't lying," Anna said, but her cruel gaze softened. She crouched down next to Elsa and brushed back a strand of her hair, smiling when she jerked away. Elsa felt sick. "But you were almost right, I'm more than 
\i just
\i0  Anna. Do you still remember this, Elsa?"\
She laid her hand over her face and ripped down, black and purple wisps flowing from her fingertips to form a familiar mask. Shaped like the skull of a beast, bearing a crimson cross burned onto its surface.\
It was the mask of the Sorcerer bearing down on her again with its burning gaze.\
"But you cannot be Gustaf," Elsa said hoarsely; Anna nodded along with mocking encouragement. "I watched him die, and I watched him be buried."\
"Gustaf...is dead, but he was never the man you knew as the Sorcerer," Anna said. Her breathy voice, even filtered and dulled through the mask, betrayed her twisted amusement. "Do you really not recognize anything else\'85Sis?"\
There it was again. She had missed it the first time, too caught up in the moment and horribly dazed by pain, but now that Anna once again called her 
\i Sis
\i0 , Elsa realized. Only one person ever called her that, and as unbelievable as the thought was\'85\
"Edmund?" Elsa whispered. "You were the Sorcerer?"\
"Oh, I do remember someone by that name."\
"But Gustaf even admitted to it! Why would he\'97?"\
"Gustaf was Edmund's father. Not that Edmund knew at first. It surprised him, you know, when Gustaf took the blame willingly! Good fathers are rare, but\'85they will do anything for their children. Anything to give them a second chance." Anna paused, and her next words were spoken differently from her passionate tone, suddenly murmured, suddenly pensive. "One\'85they never wanted."\
Suddenly, she leaned in so close that the mask came within an inch of her face; Elsa could see the chipped paint and every miniscule crack, and her whitened visage reflected in the dull surface.\
"Of course, you would never understand, you, who put so much trust in your beloved dark father, the man who would never do anything for anyone but himself." Anna tilted her head towards Markus, and her voice sounded pained now, furious, bleeding with a cheated rage more intense than anything Elsa thought she felt for Markus. "Do you know what he did to Edmund? After stealing him away from his family, he forced him to make a reliquary. You 
\i know
\i0  what that means. Edmund was only 
\i five
\i0 , then."\
With a slow, languid motion, Anna drew back.\
One wave of her hand, and the mask disappeared. Anna smiled widely, but the expression did not match her face. It was a horrible caricature of the smiles Anna used to have, this crazed smile that stretched too widely, with a predatory baring of her teeth. It didn't hold even an ounce of warmth. Where once there would have been a bright spark, her widened eyes contained only undisguised mania.\
"But that name, Edmund. Once, and never again!" Anna sprang to her feet, pacing with such relentless energy that it seemed she could not contain it all. "It's not my name anymore. Now I am \'97 Anna."\
"You took her body," Elsa breathed, unable to keep the horror from her voice, speaking the thought aloud because it was so 
\i vile 
\i0 that she could not keep it contained.\
Edmund had possessed Anna. No wonder she hadn't been able to tell the difference at first, that her powers would not activate to protect herself; Elsa had no defense around Anna. Every one of her senses told her that this person was Anna, but she was only a shell for Edmund. And he had the 
\i gall 
\i0 to keep pretending like he was Anna. Elsa wished she could rise and force him out of her, but her rage wasn't enough. As soon as she tried to move, every nerve in her body flared with pain.\
Once her vision cleared again, Elsa saw Anna crouching next to Markus. Lying prone and defenseless, the fallen king continued to breathe shallow breaths, unable to even speak, but his eyes were enough. Elsa had never seen this look in his eyes before, resignation and sorrow all at once.\
"Hey, Elsa," Anna said, looking back at her and tutting. "I thought you would at least manage to kill Markus. It's not like you to do something halfway. Why would you show pity?"\
Anna stood.\
"Let me show you how it's done."\
Anna lifted her booted foot and brought it hovering over Markus' throat. An instant before it happened, Elsa squeezed her eyes shut. She could still hear the snapping of his neck, the dull crunch of bone and the squelch of blood; but Anna did not yet seem content. Long after Markus died, Anna continued to stomp, laughing wildly, releasing whooping cries of exultation like those of a child.\
Elsa only opened her eyes again after there was silence. Markus had been so brutalized that she did not look, but there was blood all along the hem of Anna's dress.\
"It's finally done," Anna crowed, spreading her arms wide and spinning about on her heel, her bloodstained dress flourishing in spectacle of her kill. "After all these years, finally, finally done!"\
Whether out of nervous energy or some cruel need to assert her victory, Anna whirled around towards Elsa and continued speaking, blurting out her words at a fevered pitch.\
"Edmund was the Sorcerer all along," Anna said. "Nobody had any idea, but Edmund was watching me as soon as I arrived, as soon as 
\i you 
\i0 brought me here. All those times Edmund told me to look past your flaws, to get to know you, to get past your walls \'97 all planned. And now\'85"\
Anna grinned.\
"Only I can awaken your heart again."\
Anna strode towards the reliquary suspended up above. She held out her hand and beckoned for it to come, and Elsa watched in horror as her heart responded. It glowed with an ethereal light and, slowly, very slowly, began its descent, until its form became visible. Inside the perfect sphere of transparent blue ice, the snowflake that was her heart drifted in perpetual purgatory.\
It would be freed soon enough.\
"As soon as we met, you were curious, and fascinated," Anna said. "Because unlike everybody else, I wasn't afraid of you."\
At the top of the orb, the smallest crack appeared.\
"When I was hurt and sick, you started to feel care. When you found out that you could touch me without hurting me, you started to feel hope. When Alvard almost killed me, you felt fear and desperation; and then relief when I was safe. After that\'85you forgot your inhibitions. You decided to give me everything. You decided you would try to feel again."\
With every word the crack widened, spidering across the surface of the orb.\
"When I told you that I wasn't afraid, you felt hope as you never had before. When Tobias threatened that hope, only for me to understand you even more, you began to feel so much more. Everything flooded back, both the good and the bad. Disappointment at the thought that you couldn't be the way you were before. Despair at the thought that you would never be enough for me."\
Light shone from the inside of the orb, spilling out through the cracks like a contained sun would burst forth. With each passing moment the reliquary released a louder, shriller screech.\
"But you loved me. Every moment we spent together awakened the elation in your heart, the wonder and the delight, the joy of intimacy and the comfort of warmth. Even when we were at odds, those were things you would never have felt before. Hurt that I could not accept your choices, and then the pain of betrayal when we separated. Until, finally, you could admit that you loved me."\
Anna reached out for the reliquary, and Elsa could do nothing but watch and wait for the inevitable.\
"Everything that happened was for the purpose of weakening the defenses you had built. Because of me, you felt every emotion again," Anna murmured, each word washing over her senses like a silken caress. "You gave me your love, and I became the only person who your heart would accept."\
One by one, the barriers that protected her reliquary fell away.\
Elsa had no defenses against Anna.\
All the ice that surrounded her heart thawed in response to Anna, until the orb unveiled the snowflake hidden away inside, and her heart lay unprotected. Anna tilted her head as she studied the snowflake, all of her manic energy suddenly vanished into calm satisfaction. Just before she could reach out for it, Elsa crawled her way forward, biting past the pain, and Anna looked down with amusement.\
"You could 
\i not
\i0  have planned all of our experiences," Elsa said.\
"Love is the greatest weapon in the world," Anna said, whipping her hand towards Markus. "See how that disgusting man manipulated you! Love kept the one person who could kill him from killing him. Love is a more powerful and devastating hold than any other manipulation."\
"What Anna and I had was real\'97!"\
"Which only makes it all the more powerful\'85but all things must have a beginning." Anna smiled. "It was Edmund who convinced me to give you a chance. In other words, the 
\i Sorcerer 
\i0 was the one to tie us together. Do you remember his powers? Well, I never had much of a choice."\
Elsa froze, feeling nearly sick at the thought, but before she could voice anything more\'97\
"Thank you for loving me."\
Anna drew the reliquary forward, and Elsa felt every bond between herself and her heart begin to snap. She felt the frayed ties that held them together begin to come apart at last, as her heart abandoned her, just as she had abandoned it so many years ago. Elsa felt her heart finally choose a new master, and for the first time in her life...\
She began to feel cold.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Here was her moment of triumph.\
As the reliquary approached, Anna spread her arms wide open in invitation.\
Its light pierced through her chest and reached her heart, seizing her very being with its ephemeral touch. Anna gasped aloud at the utter 
\i warmth 
\i0 that flooded every sinew of her body, as though she were absorbing the sun, and the sheer ecstasy threatened to overwhelm her mind. Her entire body bent backwards as the reliquary phased past the mundane mortal shell of her body and settled into divinity, into her heart, sending its energy pulsing through her veins.\
Absolution.\
Anna closed her eyes and took a deep breath, relishing the cold winter air in her lungs and that, for the first time in so many years, she 
\i needed 
\i0 to breathe at all. She could feel the blood rushing in her veins. She could feel the tempest of emotions repressed all this time, the sadness, the joy, so strongly that she thought she might break down into tears at any second, and yet she would laugh, and laugh, and laugh.\
She could feel the power embedded in her heart.\
She could reach it now, this all-consuming power that was an infinite wealth of divine might.\
"How could you ever willingly give this up?" Anna asked, laughing, but Elsa was too broken to speak. Curled into fetal position, shaking with terrible tremors as the last ties of her magic unraveled and left her the corpse that she was, her agony was an all-too familiar experience. Anna knew that feeling well.\
When she had still been Edmund, and he felt his fleeting time on this earth slipping away\'97\
Well, that was in another lifetime which no longer mattered.\
Anna extended her hand towards the Mirror still awaiting its awakening. At the instant her newfound powers resonated with its own, the progenitor of shadow and ice, the Mirror shone with brilliant luminosity. All the skies darkened. All the earth trembled. From every corner of the world, the remaining shards heard her call and tore from their human shells to return to the Southern Isles. Swirling about in the storm that raged overhead, dust melded into splinters, splinters jointed into shards, and the shards merged into the Mirror to form an almost unbroken expanse. Only the core remained.\
Anna forced her will upon the Mirror.\
They shared a single heart.\
She would 
\i become 
\i0 the Mirror now.\
Within its hollowed center appeared the snowflake crest of her heart, spinning ceaselessly, and the lines on the glass surface blazed with swoops and whirls of light. It spilled forth and pierced the heavens, terrible and beautiful all at once, and what was once broken came into its majesty again. Completed, the Mirror thrummed with the power of creation.\
Edmund \'97 
\i Anna 
\i0 \'97 had won.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 When they received their orders to return at once, none of the princes knew what to expect.\
But Saul could perceive that something was different as soon as they stepped foot in the Southern Isles. It was something that could not be seen, only felt, an omnipresent sense of wrongness that pervaded the kingdom. Magic suffused the air so that it felt thicker now, cloying, and a discordant, keening note in the fell wind sang of subtle torment. It seemed oddly sentient, malevolent, passing over the skin and cutting deep with a vibration of amusement.\
"Something's wrong," Hans said.\
"Will you stop fussing?" Fabian said, snorting.\
But Alek must have felt the oppressive atmosphere too; Saul saw the unease in his eyes, and he soon bent down to whisper something to Hans. Saul glanced to his left, and Oliver, too, was shuddering. Out of the eight, only the four of them could feel it, then. Perhaps they had some commonality\'85\
Saul could only think of one.\
Once they arrived at the castle, several of the others gasped aloud at the rampant destruction. Entire towers had collapsed, their crumbled remains strewn across the courtyard. Aberrations grew from the walls, strange metals contorted into impossible shapes; tendrils of iron curved meters into the air and oscillated with the wind. Most telling, though, was the uppermost tower that had been torn asunder, now circled by a dark shadow crackling with lightning.\
"We should head inside," Saul said, snapping the rest out of their trances.\
They picked their way through the debris and filed into the castle, stepping through the front doors that had been ripped apart. It was even worse inside. Paintings had been destroyed, their depicted faces melted into waxy contortions, and the floors, ripped asunder, looked as though they had suffered through an earthquake.\
Soundlessly, they continued on.\
Straight down the hall, Saul could see into the throne room.\
Sitting on the throne was an obviously female figure, but in the darkness that loomed over the castle, her face was obscured by shadow. For just an instant, Saul believed Elsa awaited them. As strange as it was that Markus did not claim the throne, Elsa would have been a logical sight. But with every step, that hope was disproved. Saul saw the glint of a different crown, not of ice but a tiara inlaid with a blood-red stone, and that crown was set upon red hair twisted into a neat bun. Amidst the darkness gleamed eyes a different shade of blue, not dark but turquoise.\
As soon as they stepped into the throne room, Saul saw\'85\
It was Anna.\
"Welcome back," Anna said, and though she spoke softly, her voice carried with unnatural strength. It ghosted over the senses, so that a shuddering feeling shivered down the spine.\
For a moment, they were all too stunned to speak. Anna rose from the throne, and everything about her was different. Not just her appearance, though the dark cloak that swept over the floor did not match her usual brightness. She moved with an elegant regality that Anna had never possessed, and she was too poised, too calm, as she studied them all where they stood.\
When Saul met her eyes, Anna quirked her lips into a small smile.\
Saul felt terror as he had never known.\
"What the hell are you doing here?" Fabian said.\
"Markus is dead, and Elsa deposed," Anna announced. "You will address me as Queen Anna."\
Anna turned her gaze to him, and even stubborn, obstinate Fabian gave pause at the absolute authority that she exuded. Here was the source of the heavy pressure lying over the Southern Isles, Saul realized.\
"Anna!" Alek stepped forward, holding out his hands. "What's going on? Why are you\'97?"\
"We knew each other well, once," Anna said, her pitch strained, as though she were forcibly restraining herself. "If you will submit to me, then you can have anything that you desire. But I extend this offer to you all. Loyalty, for your eternal happiness."\
"Who do you think you are to order us around?" Fabian spat, drawing the sword that he still wielded from their battles. "Get out of my sight, you stupid girl."\
If Saul had cared for him at all, he might have tried to stop his foolish advance. When Fabian moved forward, though, only Cyrus bothered to say anything, and only a halfhearted attempt at that.\
Anna threw out her hand, and the shrill screech of electricity was all that they could hear, the blinding flash of lightning was all that they could see. Lightning tore from her hand and struck Fabian in the chest.\
Saul forced his eyes open once the light had passed.\
Even Fabian appeared uncomprehending of what had just happened. For another moment he wavered between life and death, eyes wide with disbelief, and he looked down, slowly, to where his armor had been rent open with terrifying violence. Saul looked as well, but averted his gaze from the wound beneath. It was a horrible sight. Fabian collapsed, bloodless, the cavity of his chest cauterized by flame.\
"Does anyone else have any objections?" Anna asked.\
Immediately, the rest fell to their knees. Saul, too stunned by the display, forgot himself; Oliver pulled him down, breathing so harshly with fear that his ragged gasps must have been painful. None of them had been this fearful even of Elsa. But, Saul thought, those 
\i were 
\i0 her powers. Only even stronger now, and 
\i that 
\i0 had been something he never thought possible. Even the lingering magic from the last outburst was overwhelming, the crushing pressure enough to choke out his breath.\
"Will you alone defy me\'85Alek?"\
Alek had remained standing.\
"I would rather die too, than go along with this charade," Alek declared. "Who are you? Whoever you are, you are terrible at impersonating Anna."\
Anna looked hurt. "We have been through so much, you, and me, and Hans. You two have always been at my side. I may not be the same Anna you knew, but we can still work together\'97"\
"Work together and do what, exactly?"\
Alek pointed to Fabian, and Anna said nothing.\
"I'm going to pass." Alek drew his sword, and Saul could only think, how foolish, but also how admirable, that the younger prince could be so adamant in the face of this nightmare. "Now, I'm going to ask again. Who are you, and what have you done to Anna?"\
"\'85I told you already, I'm Anna."\
"Do you think I'm stupid?" Alek said, sneering. "Anna would never kill, and she would never try to force her authority on anyone. What, do you really think that 
\i you 
\i0 are anything like Anna?"\
Anna's features twisted with an ugly rage, barely recognizable from the flawless image she had acted out. Saul managed to glance towards Alek just before the inevitable, and he wondered if Alek had known this was coming, because there was no surprise on his face, only calm acceptance. Alek ran forward and Anna slashed her hand down, and an arc of ice struck Alek faster than the eye could follow.\
What Saul 
\i could
\i0  see was the ice spreading across his body, blossoming from his chest to freeze him entirely. Alek was just beginning to ascend the dais when it happened, and his sword, still raised and poised to strike, stilled within his frozen grasp. Alek's last breath escaped as a thin cloud of steam, and then he was still, only a frozen statue.\
"What about you, Hans?" Anna asked.\
Hans stared soundlessly at the statue, and the smoldering fury in his eyes made Saul think that he would go the same way. But slowly, his death grip on his wheelchair relaxed. Hans exhaled a long breath, and he bowed his head towards Anna.\
"I submit to the will of Queen Anna," Hans said.\
Anna smiled. "Very good. Should I assume that the rest of you are in agreement?"\
There was a chorus of pledges, and then silence again.\
"You are all dismissed," Anna said, and then her smile widened. "But Saul, stay for another moment."\
As though this were any other court assemblage led by Markus, the other princes left the throne room. Except their steps were hurried, disorderly, lacking the careful precision that they would usually exhibit, and it was a testament to how eager they were to escape. Saul stayed where he was, though he longed to go with them. Anywhere but here. Anywhere but with this 
\i thing 
\i0 that had taken over Anna.\
Saul nearly jumped when Anna clicked her tongue.\
"Why are you so quiet? Aren't we good friends by now?" Anna laughed when Saul raised his head, and the sudden shift in her tone threw him for a loss until Saul realized that 
\i this 
\i0 was the way she truly was, and the regality was only an act to mask the madness. "Come on, I know you're smarter than that. You've got to have 
\i some 
\i0 idea."\
Only long years of practice told Saul that, despite her words, he did not yet have permission to speak.\
Anna seemed vaguely disappointed that he didn't take the bait.\
"You have been 
\i so
\i0  loyal to me," Anna said, somehow managing to sound deeply grateful and mocking all at once. "Although you didn't always know it. But you realized it pretty recently, right? Because you stayed quiet, my secret was hidden just long enough for all 
\i this 
\i0 to be possible."\
Anna fixed him with a long stare, her head tilted.\
"So I was right," Saul breathed.\
At one time he had believed Gustaf was the Sorcerer. But when Edmund had fallen ill and Saul became the one to look after him, he discovered the ravaged state of his body, the decay of his health. It was exactly like the symptoms shown by Elsa. It was exactly like the symptoms of one who had created a reliquary. And when he had tried to tell Elsa, he found that he could not. Magic bound him to silence.\
And that was when Saul knew that 
\i Edmund 
\i0 had been the one behind the mask.\
"Not quite," Anna said, gesturing for him to come close, and Saul did so, barely able to contain his revulsion. She sounded...different, again. Like she couldn't make up her mind. "You should learn exactly whom you are serving. Misguided loyalty will not be tolerated."\
"Whom I'm serving\'85?" Saul said, discomfited. "I thought\'85I thought\'85"\
"You thought right!" Anna said, pitch rising back into something that almost seemed like herself. "But Edmund's not around anymore. Edmund and Anna have merged into one being, so you don't serve Edmund anymore. It's Anna that exists now. Only 
\i I 
\i0 exist now."\
Saul nodded. Now that he stood at the base of the platform, he was only a step away from Alek. It was a haunting sight, to see his brash brother entrapped by ice. Not that there was any love between them, but Alek had been one of the more agreeable members of their family.\
"Oh, he's still alive," Anna said, grinning. "Alek will be useful to me, eventually. It'll take some work, but I'll convince him."\
"What will you do to him?"\
"I didn't think you'd care. Guess I really don't know you that well." Anna laughed and shook her head. "I mean, I thought you would ask about someone else. Well, I guess she was right about your so-called love after all."\
"Is Elsa\'85?"\
"Still alive, and sort of well," Anna said. "Don't worry, I'll hold up my end of our bargain. I promised you that at the end of this, you would have her for your own."\
Anna motioned for him to follow.\
Saul feared for what he would soon see.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 46: The Tempest
\b0 \
Elsa woke after an indeterminate amount of time.\
She had hoped she would never wake up. Instead, torn from the comforting darkness of sleep, she was now confronted with the reality that nothing would be right again. All she could see was the memory of Anna with that unnatural smile pasted on her face, that bright gleam of malice lurking in her gaze. Elsa opened her eyes to escape that ugly recollection, and was greeted by the drab grey walls of the dungeons. She was going to die soon, and these four walls would be her grave.\
She was not chained, or bound, or in any way encumbered behind the steel gates.\
She was powerless now.\
Everything felt completely and utterly wrong. Elsa had always possessed her powers. She had never known life without the comfort of her magic enwrapping her in its embrace. Until now, now that the gaping hole where her heart had once resided had left behind a vacuum that could never be filled. Never in her life had she ever felt so weak. She felt blind and deaf without her gift, worse than useless.\
And she was so cold.\
It was hunger that spread over her skin, painful craving for warmth that dominated her every sense. It felt like being stabbed with thousands of needles until everything faded away into foreboding numbness, and her body felt clumsy, stiff and useless, as though water had been pumped under her skin and dulled her every sensation. Elsa had never felt this way before. She had never been cold, never been so weak. Every inch of her body hurt, as though she were being torn apart, as though she were being unmade. It was a sickness that spread from the hole of her heart, counting down the seconds of her life.\
Elsa looked up when she heard footsteps, each clack resounding through the stone halls like an approaching death. She was almost right. Anna walked down the steps to the dungeon, smiling when their eyes met. Only that sight could have roused Elsa from her spot. Pushing herself up on shaking arms, she wondered if she could reach through the bars of her prison and choke Edmund out of Anna.\
"I'm sorry about the arrangements," Anna said, coming to a stop just out of reach. "Not quite up to snuff with the room you prepared for me back then, but\'97"\
"Stop pretending that you're Anna," Elsa growled. "If you're going to kill me, then just do it already."\
Elsa felt some small measure of satisfaction when the smile fell from her face.\
"Edmund had planned to save you, but then\'85you killed Gustaf," Anna said. "So I'm going to have to do nothing. It's only a matter of time. Without your reliquary keeping you alive, you're going to die soon."\
"
\i What?
\i0 "\
Elsa recognized that voice. Saul rushed down the stairs, looking ready to attack Anna. He might have done it if Anna hadn't unleashed a taste of her magic. Only a fraction of a fraction, and the pressure of it was enough to steal both their breaths away. She couldn't see or hear anything beyond the paroxysm of pain. Once Anna released her hold, Elsa fell to the ground, spluttering for breath. Saul was no more dignified, red-faced as though blistered by cold.\
"Y-You promised\'85"\
"I promised you that for your services, you could have Elsa," Anna said. She crouched to tilt his head up by the chin, and she studied his face before flicking him aside. "But I never said for how long."\
"You were 
\i working 
\i0 for him?" Elsa asked.\
Sudden strength overtook her limbs and she lunged forward, seized the bars in her grasp. They did not freeze. They did not break. Elsa snarled, only feeling her betrayal intensify when Saul nodded.\
"Enjoy yourself," Anna said, and she tossed a key to Saul.\
Anna ascended the stairs back to the castle, and the door slammed shut. Elsa was left there with Saul, both of them kneeling on the ground, separated only by the bars; but his head was bowed and hers was raised in defiance, his hands were slack and hers were clenching the bars with all her strength. She hardly knew what to say, or even how to 
\i begin 
\i0 to express the depth of this betrayal by her first friend, her 
\i only 
\i0 friend. She wanted to 
\i laugh
\i0 , that everyone had deceived her so well.\
"I trusted you," Elsa said.\
Saul said nothing.\
"I thought that out of everyone here, you were the one person who could be trusted," Elsa said, her voice building to a crescendo. "Even when you tried to separate me and Anna \'97 I could understand that, I knew that you still cared about me in your own way \'97 
\i but how can you explain this
\i0 ? You betrayed me. All along, you were working for him, and I 
\i trusted 
\i0 you."\
She really did laugh aloud, shaking her head at her naivety. Just because of their past, she had trusted Saul. She should have known. She could see nothing of that boy anymore, and she had been stupid to try to find him within this man. Saul remained kneeling without a sound, and his silence provoked her rage once again. No, Saul didn't 
\i deserve 
\i0 to be silent anymore.\
"Aren't you going to say anything?" Elsa asked. "Don't you 
\i always 
\i0 have something appropriate to say?"\
"Nothing I could say would make this better now," Saul murmured.\
"So you just won't say anything," Elsa said. As though responding to her fury, the pain that ravaged her body worsened, ripping through her mind. She doubled over and uttered a guttural moan, feeling blood run down her throat. "Just come in then! Since 
\i that 
\i0 was what you want\'97"\
"No!" Saul shook his head furiously. "No, I didn't want this, I didn't know this would happen, I-I had no choice! I 
\i tried 
\i0 to tell you, but I was bound, I was always bound from the day I met him\'97"\
"Then just kill me!" Elsa screamed.\
It was unbearable. Blood trickled from her nose, smearing as she laughed the pain away.\
"I can still beg him to save you," Saul said, reaching through the bars, but Elsa jerked away. "It doesn't have to be like this. You don't have to die, I can save you! Edmund can do anything now!"\
"Run back to your master like a dog, then!"\
Elsa backed away to the edge of her cell, muffling her moans behind her hand. Fragments of tremulous thoughts shuffled through her mind, one after another, until she couldn't tell where one thought ended and the other began. If she could have looked at herself, she would have seen her skin turning an ashen grey, her neck pulsing with swollen, discolored veins. Aches and stings lanced through her body. Her breath came in short, ragged gasps, and even the 
\i need 
\i0 to breathe was painful. It was too much.\
She 
\i wanted 
\i0 to die.\
"Elsa!" Saul inched closer to the bars, but she waved him away with a violent motion, the best she could manage. "Elsa, I can fix this. Just give me some time!"\
"I don't want anything from you," Elsa said, but her voice left as a whimper only. "Leave me alone. Let me die in peace."\
"Isn't there\'85anything I can do?"\
"Bring Anna back to me," Elsa whispered.\
She was going to die, but that would be a relief. She would be leaving Anna to suffer an even worse fate, worn and paraded about like a second skin, and the thought was horrifying. Elsa stared into nothing, feeling tears flow from her haunted, widened eyes, and she did nothing to stem them. Was Anna still alive within the prison of her body? Was there even any trace of Anna left? She wished she knew. She wished she could see the real Anna just one more time.\
Saul's expression hardened, but nothing could hide the tremble in his lips.\
"Then I can't do anything after all."\
Elsa slumped against the wall, uncaring that he left her behind.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Always Anna.\
Halfway up the flight of stairs leading back into the castle, Saul stopped and slammed his fist into the wall. His gloves tore at the knuckles, and his skin broke against the stone, but he couldn't feel the pain. Part of him wanted to just collapse with the weight of all that had happened, this nightmare that had overtaken his reality. He was little more than a discarded puppet kept around for amusement, and Elsa was wasting away to her death. None of this was what he imagined. He had played the game, and lost.\
There was nothing left to do but accept reality.\
Saul prepared himself to put on his usual thespian performance, anything that would let him live. He had no illusions about his worth. Edmund could kill every single one of them, and he still had no idea what the madman wanted. Best to simply give in for now, and play along, live another day.\
When his hand settled over the doorknob, the door pushed itself open from the other side. Saul had not been expecting the intrusion. Nobody visited the dungeons, not when there were never prisoners to be guarded. He stumbled back, reeling from the sudden push, but\'85\
It was the sight of a 
\i snowman 
\i0 that really threw him for a loss.\
"What\'85?"\
"Hi, I'm Olaf!"\
Giggling, the snowman walked in and shut the door behind him. Saul observed every movement with fascination, and outside the incredulity of what his eyes saw, his mind was already hard at work analyzing the bend of the twig-arms, the span of his walk. It couldn't have been real. Saul reflexively stepped back as the snowman approached, flinching away when it raised an arm. It was only waving at him. Olaf lowered his arm when Saul did not respond.\
"Well, that's rude."\
"But this isn't possible\'85you\'85you are\'85a snowman," Saul breathed, and at once, a horrible idea came to his mind. "Did Edmund send you here?"\
"No!" Olaf cried, and the sheer indignation in his voice convinced Saul that he was not lying. "Elsa built me. And we have to save her now! Come on! We need to bust her out of here!"\
Olaf grabbed his sleeve, but Saul tore himself free, moving up the stairs again so he could leave all this behind him. "I never agreed to anything," Saul said.\
"Don't you 
\i want 
\i0 to help her, though?"\
Yes, that was never even a question, because this was Elsa.\
No, there was no point, because it was never about him.\
"I don't know," Saul snarled, glaring down at the snowman clutching his leg, and the easy innocence in his eyes only infuriated him. It should have been as easy a decision as the snowman made it out to be.\
Always Anna.\
Saul clenched his jaw at the thought. Even now, moments before her inevitable death, Elsa could only think of Anna. But it was Anna who had destroyed everything. If Anna had never appeared, none of this would have been possible. Forget Edmund. It was 
\i Anna 
\i0 who now ruled the kingdom, 
\i Anna 
\i0 who now threatened her life, and Elsa still thought of her only. Elsa should have seen this coming. No good could have come from her involvement with Anna, and she had to have known.\
None of this was his fault.\
It could not be his fault, and for just a moment, Saul considered leaving Elsa to her death.\
"Weren't you two friends?" Olaf asked quietly.\
With that painful reminder of the past, the moment passed. Saul breathed deeply, eyes closing against his will, and he remembered the girl he had first met thirteen years ago. Elsa, having nothing else left in the world, had been so different from anyone he had ever known. If Saul tried hard enough, he could still see her eyes, unguarded and widened with awe. They had been friends. It was so long ago now, but they 
\i had 
\i0 been friends, real friends. Not the shaky alliance they had settled into but unreserved friendship. Then, he would have done anything for her.\
Even now, she had\'85trusted him.\
"But I can't take her from here," Saul murmured.\
"Why not?" Olaf exclaimed.\
"Never mind that this could be a trick," Saul said, uncaring that arguing with a 
\i snowman 
\i0 was insane. "It won't be 
\i saving
\i0  her to do that. We have nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. Edmund would kill us all."\
"But do you have any other plan?"\
There was no choice but to go to Edmund. He could still set things right; Elsa could still be saved as long as he begged Edmund. Or Anna, as Edmund now liked to call himself while encased in her body, and the thought that he would need to bow and scrape to something that even looked like Anna was revolting.\
Maybe the disgust showed on his face, because even the snowman could guess at his thoughts.\
"You 
\i know 
\i0 that he won't help her no matter what you do," Olaf said. When Saul moved towards the door again, he backed up and pressed himself against the metal frame. "Are you even listening to me?"\
"It's still something that I can try!"\
Saul seized the snowman and flung him back, hearing him tumble down the stairs. He didn't have any more time to waste on strange aberrations. Once more he placed his hand on the doorknob, but before he could twist it, he was interrupted again. It was a voice from behind. Not the snowman anymore.\
It was a voice he had not heard in years and years, one that he had heard mature and harshen over the years into a queenly timbre.\
"Didn't you say that you could be selfless for me?"\
Saul turned, his hands shaking, but he could never refuse the person who had been his closest friend.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa was surprised to hear footsteps again so soon.\
She was even more surprised to see Saul return, accompanied by \'97\
"Olaf?" Elsa whispered.\
Saul and Olaf stopped at her cell, and Elsa spared only one incredulous glance towards the prince before returning her gaze to the impossible sight of the snowman.\
"You built me," Olaf said, and the fact that he had a voice, that he could speak at all, stunned Elsa into open-mouthed disbelief. "Remember that?"\
She remembered. She remembered building him as a child, but she also could never forget building him with Anna. She remembered their combined effort shaping the snow into his form, her magic forming the twigs and coal that adorned his body. But he had never been sentient. Olaf had never walked, had never possessed that bright gleam of intelligence in his eyes. Elsa had never created 
\i anything 
\i0 sentient. Mindless monsters constructed out of snow, but those had no personality, only acted on fixed command.\
"How is this\'85possible?" Elsa asked.\
"Lots of things are possible if you just let yourself believe," Olaf said, and despite the cheer in his voice, there was an edge there, chiding. His smile fell, and he sounded distinctly 
\i different 
\i0 when he asked, "Do you recognize me?"\
"I-I already said I remember building you," Elsa said.\
But she had the feeling that wasn't what the snowman meant, though the somberness that overtook him vanished and his silly smile took its place. She recognized him in another way. She couldn't help but feel an odd familiarity when looking at him, some spark of recognition, and even the ache of her heart faded away, partly, in his presence. It was an intimacy that went far beyond the snow and the magic that bound his physical form.\
Elsa looked at him, and trusted him far more than she should.\
She just 
\i knew 
\i0 that he was unconditionally, unreservedly on her side.\
"I can't get this door open," Saul said, and Elsa looked up to see him fumbling with the latched bolt before cursing as she had never heard before. "Edmund gave me a fake key."\
"Here! Let me try," Olaf said, reaching up to the lock.\
While Olaf struggled to unlock the cell, Elsa was left to stare at Saul. After her outburst earlier, she hardly knew what to say. She had been angry, betrayed, and that was still justified; but here he was, risking his life to save hers. She would have expected this sort of heroic behavior from him years ago. Not now. Not from the person he had become, the survivor and the politician.\
"You\'85don't have to do this," Elsa said.\
"\'85No, I think I do." Saul dragged his hand through his hair and exhaled a deep breath. "I'm sorry. I know nothing I say will make up for what I've done, but \'97 I am truly sorry."\
"Got it!"\
Elsa was saved from responding when Olaf pulled his nose out of the lock, and the door swung open. Saul entered the cell and picked her up into his arms, giving her an apologetic nod. She was\'85grateful. She couldn't have gone far without assistance.\
"You know this is pointless," Elsa murmured. "I'm going to die soon anyway."\
"I don't care, I'm not letting you die in the dungeons," Saul said harshly.\
"Maybe you can still be saved," Olaf said, ushering them along, and Saul followed right behind him until they were ascending the staircase. "As long as you're still alive, you still have hope, right?"\
"We need to get out of the Southern Isles," Saul said. "Someplace warm, before you freeze to death."\
Inside the castle again, Elsa relished the warmth that flooded her body. She wanted to just stay here where there were braziers and furnaces, but she knew that was impossible. She would need to brave the cold again soon enough. Even still, she tried to hold on to as much of the heat as possible.\
Saul moved hurriedly, his long strides jarring her every now and then, and Elsa eventually succumbed to the temptation of just laying her head on his chest. Despite everything, he was warm. Saul paused briefly, but he said nothing and continued on. Elsa closed her eyes and breathed, listening to his heartbeat. Minutes passed like that. She barely noticed when they exited the castle.\
"What are we doing here?" Olaf exclaimed.\
"We need a horse," Saul said.\
Elsa opened her eyes when Saul eased her onto the back of a chestnut horse. Saul sat behind her and grasped the reins, barely waiting for Olaf to clamber up to the horse's rear. She recognized him \'97 Sitron.\
"Hans won't mind," Saul said, and Elsa felt her lips twitch, just a little.\
Saul kicked once, and Sitron broke into a furious gallop. They charged through the courtyards like the winter wind, leaping over the ruined gates in only a minute, and Sitron recovered as soon as he hit the ground, continuing his backbreaking pace as though he understood the urgency. Saul kept his arms wrapped tightly around her so she would not fall, but each time the horse bound through the air, Elsa felt the cold strike her skin and the chill seep into her bones. She clutched her hands to her chest, concentrating on just staying awake. If she closed her eyes, she wasn't sure she would open them again.\
"I'm sorry I pushed you away," Elsa said.\
Saul glanced down before returning his gaze to the snow-covered path.\
"It's not your fault that I wasn't the one for you," Saul said.\
"Maybe I could have given you a chance\'85and given myself a chance."\
"Don't start doubting yourself just because you want to say goodbye," Saul said. "You were right that last time. You 
\i did 
\i0 give me a chance, and I failed."\
Elsa laughed quietly, and she said nothing more the rest of the way.\
Saul stopped at the docks, pulling back on the reins so suddenly that Sitron reared and kicked before finding his balance. Jumping off without ceremony, Saul slid Elsa off the saddle and slapped Sitron once on his rump, giving the horse permission to leave. Olaf scrambled down, yelling, just before Sitron tore his way back to the castle.\
"Oh! Are we taking one of those?" Olaf asked, pointing to the hulking steamboats.\
"We'd need a crew to operate the ironclads," Saul said, and Elsa steadied herself on her own two feet while he ran to the smaller sailboats. Not bothering to untie it at all, he simply cut the ropes apart.\
All the ice had been warped by the power of the Mirror's activation, and not enough time had passed for the ocean to freeze again. It just might work. Elsa hobbled onto the loading ramp, nodding when Saul moved to brace her steps and Olaf did his best to support her from behind. She barely made it to the deck, and she gratefully slumped against the side of the ship.\
"Go inside," Saul said, pulling the running rigging to lower the sails. Immediately, he turned the ship port, and Elsa could remember him teaching her about all these procedures.\
"No," Elsa said, ignoring Olaf's requests for her to do the same. She craned her neck to look back at the castle. "I want to remember this. I have to remember that..."\

\i I'm coming back.
\i0 \

\i I will come back and save you, Anna.
\i0 \
Saul said nothing, continuing to trim the jib sheets and mainsail, and before long the sails were hoisted. They were picked up by the wind. As the ship set sail, Elsa watched the castle grow smaller in the distance, the place that had been her home and then her domain, and finally her prison. It had been her prison all along, though she did not realize. She remembered, now, her conversation with Gustaf that had taken place what seemed like a lifetime ago. She remembered him telling her that recognizing the prison was freedom in itself, and she wondered if he had ever been free.\
It must have been terrible torture watching his son grow mad. No wonder he had tried to help her too.\
She reminded him of Edmund.\
It was then that lightning ripped across the sky, and the crack of thunder jarred her from her thoughts.\
"What?"\
Elsa looked up to the heavens, and what little hope she had left was crushed to nothing.\
Stormclouds abruptly obscured what little sun remained, as though someone had drawn a dark curtain over the sky. A drop of rain hit her cheek, foreshadowing the sudden deluge that followed yet another ponderous thunderclap, a torrential downpour that hid everything from sight. She could see water and nothing else. Elsa was soaked through in an instant, the rain matting her hair to her face and weighing her down. Through the pellets of rainwater and hail that struck with violent, bruising force, she could only hear Saul yelling incoherent words. Gales battered them from all sides, teasing the sea into surging waves that struck the hull of the ship and sent them careening into the storm.\
It was wholly unnatural.\
Suddenly Elsa saw something very different from the scene before her eyes. Her chest ached and she grasped the spot, gasping aloud when her sight took her to the top of the tower above the Southern Isles Castle. Anna was looking out to the sea, tracking their every move. Her lip curled. Her eyes alight with terrible glee, she stretched out her arms and began to dance. She conducted the storm, her hands the lightning and her feet the waters, every pivot of her heel another surging wave and every slash of her fingers another striking thunderbolt. Elsa was so little, only an ineffectual blip upon the infinite sea, and Anna was the descent of divine might.\
"Elsa!" Saul shook her by the shoulders, and only then did her vision settle. She could barely see him until another flash of lightning illuminated the darkened heavens. "Are you all right?"\
"I-I'm fine," Elsa said, but she was not and she doubted they would be. Even now, the ship seemed ready to capsize at any moment. "It's Edmund creating this storm, I saw\'97"\
"It doesn't matter now," Saul said. "I'll try my best to get us out of this, but you have to keep yourself safe! Olaf! Look after her the best you can!"\
Olaf slid across the deck, where water was already beginning to spill over from the waves. Every time the waves slammed into their side, the ship rocked precariously, groaning from the strain as it rebalanced. Elsa grabbed onto Olaf, holding him close before the tremors could fling them apart.\
"We're gonna get through this," Olaf said, but Elsa did not respond.\
Lightning struck the sea just meters away from where they were, the blinding flash leaving white spots in her vision \'97 and then the energy radiated outwards, the static washing over her skin and throwing both Elsa and Olaf to the other side of the ship. She struck the edge and nearly fainted on the spot, feeling electricity course its way through her body. Somewhere past her horror, Elsa marveled at the sheer power that Edmund \'97 Anna \'97 wielded now. It wasn't a coincidence that lightning struck so close. She had created this storm, and was actually directing the lightning. She was the goddess of the storm.\
Anna 
\i was 
\i0 the tempest.\
Her wild laughter could be heard with the winds. Elsa felt the buffeting gales threaten to tear her apart but she held on to the edge of the ship, even as Anna poured more and more magic into the storm. There was a dull roar from behind; Elsa looked back, and her mouth opened in horrified awe at the fifteen-foot wave surging towards them.\
"We have to get away!" Elsa screamed, but she didn't know if Saul could even hear her words.\
They made 
\i some 
\i0 distance, though perhaps from the efforts of the sea rather than by choice; but the tidal wave could not be avoided, and as the water rolled over her head, Elsa shut her eyes.\
"We're gonna be okay!" Olaf yelled, and then all sound was drowned out.\
Water slammed over the ship, and for a moment Elsa thought she might die, crushed under the sheer pressure. It was a choking blackness. Water flooded her mouth and throat, her eyes and ears, and her lungs seized. Elsa kept her hands wrapped tight on the edge, feeling herself begin to drift upwards with the wave, and then there was complete, utter panic once her fingers began to slip, one by one\'85\
Elsa gasped once the wave had passed, and she could see and hear the storm once again.\
"We made it!"\
Miraculously, they had survived. She was drenched, but the adrenaline coursing through her veins didn't allow her to feel the cold seeping into her very bones. Lying comatose at her feet, Olaf was no longer responsive. Elsa wanted to fight, or perhaps to flee \'97 but she could do neither, forced only to endure. How much longer would they be able to hold out?\
There was just a brief respite.\
Elsa saw another vision \'97 Anna outstretched her arm towards the sky, licking her lips with a wicked, predatory smile. For a moment her hand simply hovered there, palm up, and Elsa waited with bated breath until \'97 Anna clenched her hand and slashed down, and all hell broke loose.\
Another flash as the sky seemed to rip apart, and this time the lightning struck the sails. Flames erupted over the linen and spread its way down the mast. Sparks flew from the inferno and lit anything unprotected by the downpour, and soon the smoke that billowed forth choked in her lungs. Elsa struggled to her feet, one hand clamped over her mouth. Fighting her way past the falling debris from the sails, the burning fragments of cloth that stung her skin, she started towards the bow.\
"Saul!" Elsa screamed.\
Saul turned from the steering wheel.\
Elsa could see his ashen face, just as lightning struck between them.\
It crushed through the hull of the ship, snapping through the wood as though it were rotten, and the blast sent Elsa flying back. For a moment, the ship seemed unaware of its peril. It stayed nearly intact for a moment more, until at last, with a protracted groan that was its death wail, the entire ship split apart. Wood splintered, revealing jagged, fragmented innards, and the two halves snapped, beginning to be dragged under by the churning waves.\
Elsa shook her head to clear away the dizziness. She forced herself up, ignoring the groaning of the ship. Olaf was right behind her, but\'85\
"Saul!"\
On the other half of the ship, Saul was hanging onto the edge with only one hand.\
Elsa scrambled to the edge, reaching out with her hand, but Saul was too far away. His arm only swung back uselessly to himself, and Elsa saw his hold slipping more and more.\
"It's all right," Saul said.\
"It's not all right!"\
Elsa flung her hair out of her eyes and reached out again, stretching as far as she could. She could feel her arm almost pulling out of the socket with exertion, and it still wasn't enough. If she had her powers, she could have saved him. If she had her powers, none of this would have happened. Saul didn't bother reaching for her this time, and simply shook his head.\
"You should be happy for me," Saul said, smiling.\
Another wave struck, hiding him within its depths, and Elsa held her breath, hoping beyond hope that he would still be there. When the wave passed, Saul was still holding on; but his fingers were slipping. His hold was weakening, and even the wood on which he hung was beginning to snap apart.\
"Elsa, I'm going to say this one more time, and I hope that I've earned the right. Forgive my arrogance, but I\'85I love you," Saul said, and when his smile widened, he never more resembled the boy that had been her best friend. "I'm glad I could be unselfish just this once."\
"Don't say these things just because you want to say goodbye. You don't get to give up," Elsa said, but Saul had closed his eyes. "Not yet! You still owe me too much!"\
"If we meet again in another life," Saul said, "I hope you can give me another chance. Anything left undone\'85I'll have to repay you then."\
"Just wait\'97!"\
Saul was swallowed by the roiling sea.\
Lightning struck and, with a deafening roar that filled her senses, she, too, was sent adrift into the unknown.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 47: Hell Is Empty
\b0 \
She had to be dead.\
Elsa felt weightless and disconnected from any sensation. She could hear no sounds, see no sights, smell no odors, and for a very long time she simply existed, hovering between heaven and hell. Her thoughts were muddled things, only half-formed before they were swept away by memories. Upon review, she decided that her life had been a sad thing, and that it finally coming to an end was not so terrible. How had she died? All she remembered was being swept into the sea, caught in the tempest\'85\
She was grounded again by fire burning through her body. Elsa curled inwards to shield herself as best she could, but there was no respite from this pain. When her hand scraped over sand and she felt the coarse grains scratch her skin, she realized, with some disappointment, that she was alive.\
It was another very long moment before she managed to open her eyes.\
She had washed up onto an island.\
Day and night was indistinguishable here. Everything was obscured behind grey fog, and Elsa could see no more than five feet into the murky miasma. It all looked the same. When she looked up, there was no hint of the sun, or the moon, or even of stars, only pitch-black darkness that resembled a gaping maw. She couldn't hear anything. Not the quiet rhythm of water lapping at the shore. Not the wind blowing in from the sea. Everything was 
\i still 
\i0 here, as though suspended in purgatory.\
Suddenly, Elsa was no longer so sure she was alive.\
Olaf was nowhere to be found, and she wondered whether he had survived at all. She knew she was still holding onto him when the sea took them, but she couldn't remember what happened after that.\
She was alone.\
Elsa forced herself to her feet, barely managing a few unsteady steps before stumbling. It was so 
\i cold 
\i0 here. She wanted to give up, though she needed, craved, warmth; and yet that was only an instinct of the body. Death might still have been a relief to her mind, but\'85Anna. She needed to stay alive and return to Anna. She couldn't leave Anna to her fate. All this was 
\i her 
\i0 fault, born of 
\i her 
\i0 weakness.\
Right now, she needed shelter if she was going to survive. Hunched to protect her chest from the pervasive cold, she forged through the darkness.\
Dreary was an understatement. From the instant she took a step, Elsa was struck by the feeling that she was trespassing, as though this place were some hallowed ground or an unholy dwelling \'97 or perhaps both. Every moment she spent here only made her more agitated, as she disturbed the stillness. Her labored breaths, stinging with the cold, thin air that filled her lungs, shattered the silence. Wherever she walked, she kicked up a cloud of dust from the beach, clogging her eyes and dying the fog blood-red.\
Once she stepped off the beaches she was surprised to feel paved stone underneath her feet, albeit cracked and torn, more violently than time would have done. Evidence of civilization. So this was not an uncharted, uninhabited island as she had assumed; but she could not recognize it from her studies. Elsa squinted her eyes to see, and she could just barely make out shattered ruins. Remains lay all around her feet, hunks of carved stone too ornate for nature to have created. Metal, too, twisted remnants whose original purpose she could only guess at. And\'97\
Elsa heard a dull crunch, and she looked down.\
She was stepping on human bones.\
Elsa flinched at the sight of a leering skull, and at that exact moment, the fog cleared as though blown aside by a hurricane. Instantly, the entire island was revealed. Elsa saw the devastated terrain she walked upon, the carnage, the slew of skeletons strewn carelessly on the ground; but somehow worse than that was the island, and her first thought was that the island itself appeared tortured.\
It was surrounded by mountains; but mountains of twisted metal and warped stone spires that jutted into the sky and ended in cruel points, blocking off all but the small inlet she had been swept through. Everything on the island was dead. It resembled what the world must have looked like at its most primitive, a raw, primal expanse of dirt and dust and rock. Great schisms divided the red earth \'97 Elsa traced the uniform rifts with her eyes and found they led to a hulking complex at the center of the island.\
Elsa had done little more than 
\i look 
\i0 at the structure, and she was assaulted by a wave of nausea.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\b \cf2 Who\'85are you\'85?
\i0\b0 \
Something had touched her mind.\
All at once, the entire island seemed to come alive with malevolence. Perhaps she had disturbed something resting here, something that pervaded the island. She felt a chill wind phase through her body, bringing with it whispers that echoed in her ears, moans of a long-forgotten pain. Her blood turned cold when she felt gazes coming from the darkness, invisible touches ghosting over her skin.\
Without thought, Elsa ran away.\
She had nowhere to go, not really, not when turning back would lead her back to the sea and going forward would bring her to whatever had brushed over her mind. Elsa ran to escape the anguished wails, which mocked her naivety, jeered at her failures. Elsa ran to get away from the squirming touches, which pulled at her ankles and threatened to drag her down. She had never before been so afraid. She was 
\i powerless 
\i0 now, and the thought that she could do nothing to defend herself gripped her with chilling fear; so much that she thought 
\i fear 
\i0 would choke the life out of her if these voices did not.\
When there sounded a low groan in her ears, close enough that Elsa could feel an ethereal breath fan over the back of her neck, she cried aloud and stumbled. Something pulled at her leg and she collapsed fully, landing on her front into the red dust, but her screams were smothered behind an invisible hand. She felt her eyes widen painfully as 
\i things 
\i0 crawled over her back, binding her limbs. Elsa flailed with her one free hand, clawing at the ground for leverage, but she only pulled herself inches forward. She could do nothing but look at the complex ahead, and the touch on her mind returned, curious, desperate\'85\

\i\b Why are\'85you\'85here\'85?
\i0\b0 \
Both her mind and body assaulted, Elsa tore through her restraints and screamed.\
Whatever was ahead retreated hastily, and the whispers quieted, the touches vanished. Though the fog did not return, the island quieted again. Elsa lay there for a long time, simply recovering, feeling her stomach churn and acid burn its way halfway up her throat. She half-expected this to be a ploy, but nothing else came. Now that she had a moment of peace, she wondered why that presence had pulled away. It could have been her imagination, but when the 
\i thing 
\i0 had retreated, she thought she could sense guilt. It had not meant to harm her at all.\
Elsa shook her head and wobbled to her feet again, feeling her body sting with renewed pain from the hollow of her heart. She really had nothing to fear anyhow. She was going to die soon regardless.\
She was so close to the complex now that she decided to make her way inside.\
Once again undisturbed, Elsa had more time to observe the great structure. It was an antiquated fortress, horribly austere, as though even its designer hated the place. Little more than a block of carved stone plated with metal, the defining feature was its 
\i lack 
\i0 of any feature. No windows could be found on any part of the fortress. No unnecessary ridges, spires, towers, anything that would make its drab aesthetic more appealing.\
But the doors were open. Elsa paused at the entryway, gazing inside, but there was nothing, save for her imagination. Just some sort of audience chamber, perhaps, long since deserted. When she was struck again by the cold, not just external but internal, she stepped inside for the sake of warmth. As soon as she passed through, the doors swung shut, but she no longer felt fear of this place.\
Instead, she was only curious.\
She felt that she was supposed to be here.\
Though there were no windows, some dim light filtered through the fortress enough that she could see. Elsa wondered if it was coming from something inside. As she advanced, the light grew very slightly stronger, not nearly enough to illuminate every shadow, but she at least would not fall. It was warm, too. Dank and humid, but warm, and compared to outside, the air here was so thick that she thought she felt it shift aside as she moved. Elsa imagined there might be great bloated beasts waiting in the darkness, and so moved along quickly past the empty entrance chambers.\
Why was this place here?\
Elsa had her answer once she opened the next door and was assailed by the smell of blood.\
She was familiar with the scent of death and decay, but never to this extent. Saturated with blood, even the air smelled and tasted of the copper tang; and, having been trapped within these four walls for so long, the putrid stench was worse than anything she had ever experienced. Elsa averted her face for a moment, waiting for her eyes to stop watering, and then she carefully made her way inside.\
On either side were rows of jail cells, but all the doors were open and their contents thrown into disarray. Blood splattered the walls, and many of the cells contained the skeletons of their occupants, with their skulls crushed, their bones snapped apart. Perhaps those skeletons she had seen outside were prisoners too. Elsa could see why they chose to attempt escape. Living conditions here were squalid. She entered one of the cells, barely large enough for an average adult to stand at full height. Grime covered every bit of spartan furniture, the bed that was little more than a splintered plank of wood and the thin sheet that was matted with what was likely the prisoner's own blood.\
"Why are we here?"\
Elsa whirled around. She swore she had heard the voice of a boy, but there was nobody else.\
She stepped out of the cell, searching carefully for the source of the voice. Instead, her attention was drawn to the whipping post stationed between the cells. Spots of dried blood adorned the floor, and the instant Elsa looked down she could suddenly 
\i hear 
\i0 guttural screams echoing, echoing in her head. Her head swam. She placed her hand over the post for support, and then her vision flashed. She saw a man tied here, spread-eagled, as cruel men tore into his back for sport, laughing at his cries for help.\
Elsa backed away, but the lingering agony still haunted her mind.\
There was so much angry resentment here.\
Why was she feeling all this pain?\
No matter where she went, she was haunted by the dead. Just further up ahead were gallows, and Elsa could see the men and women who had been hanged there long ago, could feel for herself the snapping of their necks, the slow suffocation as they dangled helplessly. Guillotines, not only for execution but torture as well, and Elsa saw prisoners with their limbs amputated, people who were mutilated. Spikes to throw prisoners upon, paring knives to peel off their skin, hot pokers to set them aflame. All sorts of tortures that could not be described, and Elsa witnessed every single one. Not only adults, but children too, weeping and not understanding their fate.\
Elsa had thought she grew numb to suffering, but this was too much.\
"I don't like this place. I don't wanna be here."\
It was that voice again, but this time, Elsa caught a glimpse of the child wandering ahead, just before he vanished into the darkness.\
She thought she could recognize him.\
Elsa walked past the torture chambers \'97 and that 
\i was 
\i0 what this prison really disguised \'97 and deeper into the fortress. Beyond the cells was yet another door, but Elsa paused just before entering. She looked back, struggling to find some way to convey the tangled mess of emotions she felt at that moment. Finally, she gave a respectful nod towards the fallen, hoping they had found solace from this place. Empathy was not like her, and she surprised even herself with the act. Maybe because she knew she was going to die too soon. Maybe because she had really been able to 
\i feel 
\i0 their pain.\
Through the door was a long staircase leading down, down, down.\
Elsa wasn't sure how long she walked through the darkness, until she came to flat ground at last.\
In the chamber beyond, there was nothing of the carnage from before, nothing but unremitting black, a thousand shades of darkness for which there were no names. But there was rancor also, resentment so strong that it made the bitterness of the torture chambers look like nothing by comparison.\
Amidst the darkness, Elsa saw the translucent figure of the boy, and then he flickered away.\
But she knew that he had seen her too.\
In the center of the room, the darkness was lifted, slowly, as pale light emanated from 
\i something
\i0  and staved off the dusk. Elsa shielded her eyes as the light flared. Its angry pulse flared, until finally the darkness was pushed back and the light dimmed. It was a momentary victory. Almost immediately, the shadows began to build again at the corners of the room, and they would spread before long. For now, though, the source of the light was revealed.\
It was a translucent, prismatic sphere. Hovering over a plinth so that it rested at eye level, the orb contained what Elsa instinctively knew to be the source of the presence that touched her mind. Its thousand facets glimmered and refracted the light that emitted from a solitary blue flame.\
Elsa approached, drawn, because she could recognize the orb for what it was.\
It was a reliquary, and it belonged to that little boy she had seen wandering about.\
It belonged to Edmund.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna laid a bouquet of flowers at the base of the gravestone.\
They were not real flowers, only imitations sculpted from ice, but they would have to do. She leaned down to brush off the snow covering the top of the headstone, making sure the marble was pristine, and then traced the engraved letters \'97 
\i Prince Gustaf of the Southern Isles. 
\i0 It was the first time she had been here. Whether in this new life or the last, she had never visited the cemetery before. Death scared her then, and it still scared her now.\
"But then, I don't need to be afraid anymore," Anna murmured.\
It had been always been a point of contention between them, Gustaf and Edmund.\
She could still imagine Gustaf speaking in his baritone, telling her, she had 
\i never
\i0  needed to be afraid. Life only had meaning because it must come to an end. Life was about the search for meaning, not necessarily the finding of meaning. All of Gustaf's old platitudes still echoed in her head, and she could imagine his disapproval. She could imagine him telling her that he had given her a second chance, but not for this purpose.\

\i Pardon the clich\'e9, but it is not the destination that matters, Edmund, but the journey.
\i0 \
"No," Anna said. "Only the destination matters. All roads coalesce into a single point. All causes lead to one outcome. And my destination, my happy ending\'85"\

\i Have you found it?
\i0 \
"Yes."\
She still remembered the old pain, when every moment she spent on this earth had been torture, when lattices of utter hurt ran throughout her mind and body. But then she had been reborn. Her very first sensation was that the pain was gone, and that was all that mattered. It was like a curtain had been flung open and the world had gone from dark to light, like she had been plunged into an ice-cold spring. Every essence of her being was immersed in bone and blood and sinew, surrounded by infinite warmth. She could feel the pulsing of her heart again, and oh, the joy of rebirth!\
But that moment of exhilaration was gone, and in its place\'85\

\i Have you really found happiness?
\i0 \
"Yes!" Anna slammed her hands onto the headstone, growling, but now that the voice had gone silent, her anger only grew. "I have found happiness! I perfected myself, I took back everything that I lost!"\
Anna straightened but did not leave, and instead she stood there, laughing. She laughed with all her might, so hard that her throat dried and her chest throbbed, and then her eyes began to sting too. She only realized, after tasting salt on her lips, that she was sobbing.\
Oh, she could feel the old burning, the old hunger and ache.\
What was her purpose now?\
Vengeance had been her master for so long, and the search for salvation, the desperate desire to become whole again. She had done all that already. Markus was dead, and Edmund \'97 unfeeling, imperfect, unloved \'97 no longer existed. Every bit of him had been eradicated, as he had wanted. Only Anna remained, but what was left now? She was even beginning to feel discomfort again. Not the old, sharp pain she had long withstood, but a dull ache inside. It was a hollowness that she still could not fill.\
Not even with this heart.\

\i Do you regret?
\i0 \
"No!"\
Anna clutched her chest, gasping, when her heart clenched. She fell to her knees, but this heart, which had once belonged to Elsa, continued to throb. She could bring it under control. As soon as she was calm again, but right then, she was the furthest thing from calm. Dimly, she registered that a strand of her hair had turned as white as snow. Gustaf still mocked her even after his death, still managed to make her 
\i doubt 
\i0 her path. She never wanted his second chance.\
What she had now 
\i was 
\i0 her second chance.\
"No, I don't regret. Do you hear me, Gustaf? I have nothing to regret!"\
Anna released her grip and instead punched at the grave, slamming down with her fists again and again, so that she now sprawled over Gustaf's tomb on all fours. She pressed her face forward, lips parted to utter a guttural snarl. Her pupils dilated and the sclera of her eyes turned red with the spidering veins.\
"I won! Do you think I care about your approval? Who do you think you are? Do you think you can just leave a letter after you 
\i die 
\i0 and expect me to give up everything I worked so hard to achieve?"\
Anna clenched the gravestone between her shaking hands. She hated this silence. She wanted to hear him defend himself. She wanted him to realize that he was wrong.\
His last words were still burned into her memory.\

\i Your name was Odon, but you are now Edmund and there is nothing so wrong with that. Now you know everything, but you are your own person. You can be whatever you choose to be. 
\i0 \
"I 
\i hated 
\i0 being Edmund," Anna said, but the angry crescendo of her voice, the timbre of her roars, had broken and scattered into the wind. Suddenly she was that boy again, the boy who had become so lost that he no longer even knew who he was, and could not recognize his own face without his mask. It was Edmund who murmured, "I don't want to be Edmund. I don't want the pain."\
Gustaf would never answer him again.\
"I want to have purpose, but there's no purpose to be found anymore," Edmund said. "Because that's all life has ever been to me. It's just the road to death. And that oblivion\'85invalidation\'85I was always afraid, I'm 
\i still 
\i0 so afraid. I want everything to stop."\
What did he do wrong?\
Nothing.\
Anna took a deep breath to center her thoughts, and Edmund was no more. She no longer needed him. She did not need to doubt. Just as her control returned, her heart calmed, and she knew what she had to do. Her purpose was renewed. Anna rose, brushing off the snow that clung to her dress.\
She had never made great use of the Mirror before now.\
It was high time that she began.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa remembered that Edmund had sacrificed his heart.\
Here was his reliquary, surrounded by death.\
Her first thought was to destroy the reliquary. Not because she could do anything to harm him now, when he had already replaced his reliquary with her own; but because here was proof that they were alike. She understood Edmund just as much as she hated him. She remembered the brief, reluctant kinship she had once felt for the Sorcerer upon hearing his words. They were two of a kind, the fallen and heartless. His despondency was so much like hers. His despair was only a reflection of her misery.\
Edging closer to the dormant reliquary, Elsa studied the orb carefully. It was different from hers. Even separated, her heart had shone with glowing luminosity, beautifully pure despite tragedy. But this one here was a pitiful thing. Dull, and brittle, the onyx surface cracking apart and crumbling into black sand. Soon, the flame would be exposed and die out. Even Elsa could feel the unhealthy decay, the agony that bled from the reliquary as she neared; and physical proximity was nothing in comparison to the one who must have felt this resonating in his soul. How could Edmund bear this for so long?\
She would not destroy his heart.\
She had committed many evils in her lifetime, but Elsa decided she 
\i could 
\i0 not destroy his heart, not when she knew his pain better than anyone.\
"How did this happen?" Elsa murmured, outstretching her hand but not quite touching the reliquary. Hand hovering over the feeble glow, she felt it pulse with curiosity. Greedily, its aura pushed into her palm, desperate for contact.\
Before her eyes, the world shifted. Not any great change. All the drab grey walls remained, but the reliquary vanished, and the deterioration of the physical building regressed somewhat. Still dark, still hauntingly oppressive, but not so ruined. Elsa turned, and she saw a little boy \'97 the same boy she had seen glimpses of before \'97 meander his way into the chamber. His skin was naturally pale, but the pallor that overcame his face was result of fear rather than inheritance. When his black eyes fell on Elsa, he did not react. He looked past her and continued walking, hunched and rubbing his arms. Before long, he had made his way close, and he seemed to have no intention of stopping.\
Elsa felt a brief chill when the boy continued without pause, the edges of his being becoming translucent as he walked right through her body.\
"Edmund," Elsa whispered, but he did not respond.\
She knew his face. Even younger than she remembered from their first meeting, but undoubtedly Edmund, the same spiky black hair and soft, delicate features that she knew well. Elsa had known him from the time he was six years old. How old could he be now, to be here in this wretched place?\
"We begin your lessons today."\
Elsa did not need to look back to know that it was Markus who had spoken. Backing away and standing at the side of the room, she observed the younger, healthier king stride towards the little boy. When Edmund reached out for comfort, Markus shoved him away. Edmund flinched and held his hands close, and Elsa could see why; Markus held such irrational anger in his eyes that even 
\i she 
\i0 was shocked. Not merely the anger of this moment, of the show of weakness, but bitter antagonism that ran too deep.\
Markus was not looking at Edmund. No, that gaze was meant for someone else.\
With that, their lessons began. Markus coached Edmund through the use of shadow magic, and the boy, though he looked frightened beyond belief, possessed the same desperate need to prove himself that Elsa once did. Gritting his teeth, he dutifully performed everything asked of him.\
Though she knew now that the Sorcerer had been Edmund, seeing the child use magic was still disconcerting. Perhaps all the more because she knew what he would become, and yet he showed none of that deranged fervor now, none of the skill that so eclipsed her own. Edmund struggled as she never had with her magic, his shaking hands barely able to conjure the slightest wisps of shadow.\
"Pathetic," Markus said, and Edmund hung his head in shame.\
"I-I'm sorry, I'm trying my best\'97"\
"Gustaf was so much better than this!"\
Once Elsa saw the brief spark of betrayal before Markus masked the vulnerability behind layer upon layer of condescension, she began to understand just 
\i who 
\i0 his anger was really directed towards \'97 Gustaf. Once, Elsa had shared his indignation at the betrayal, but now, knowing what she knew, she almost wished that Gustaf had been successful in dethroning the dark king. But he had failed, and Edmund was 
\i his
\i0  son. Perhaps Markus shifted all blame from Gustaf to him.\
It could not have helped that Edmund looked so much like Celina.\
When the flames that sprouted over his hands died out once more, Edmund turned his stricken gaze to Markus.\
"I'll do better next time!" Edmund promised, but Elsa knew that nothing he could do would ever be enough. Still, she understood. Even though her memories were faked, she remembered feeling this way toward her own parents.\
"You will stay here and continue practicing," Markus said, and he swept away, the billowing tail of his cloak enough to shroud Edmund.\
Edmund whitened. Perhaps he was too fearful and too young to recognize dismissal. Or perhaps he was simply so desperate that he would believe otherwise, as Elsa had once believed in Markus. Either way, despite what should have been his better instinct, Edmund launched himself forward and latched on to Markus' leg.\
"Please don't leave me here," Edmund said, sobbing. "Please, Father, I don't want to be alone\'97!"\
Markus kicked him away, and Edmund landed, stunned, onto the floors. Elsa knew by experience that his tears would only anger Markus more, and she was half-right. For just a brief instant, there was a spasm of regret on his face; but then he looked closely at Edmund, studied his features, and the rage returned twofold.\
"I should have let you 
\i die 
\i0 here with your mother," Markus spat. "Baaj should have been your grave!"\
Markus stormed out, leaving Edmund to cry, alone, amidst the darkness.\
Despite herself, Elsa slowly made her way over to the boy. She knelt down next to him. Edmund had sat up, but he clutched his knees close and bowed his head, the entirety of his weak frame shaking with the violent force of his sobs. When she heard the painful hitch in his breaths, she almost worried that he would suffocate. She did not want to pity him, and yet she could see herself in his place. She had 
\i been 
\i0 in his place. Already the seeds of his self-loathing had been planted. How could they not be, rejected by the one person that 
\i should 
\i0 have accepted, loved him?\
"Is this how you felt, Anna?" Elsa murmured, bringing her hand hovering over Edmund's head. "When you saw my memories, did you also begin to feel pity for me? As I now feel pity for him?"\
Pity was the wrong word, Elsa thought. Understanding. Limited, maybe, but understanding nonetheless. It was more than anyone else would ever see. And they were so similar that, just maybe, Elsa really 
\i could 
\i0 begin to understand him.\
Elsa rose to her feet while the world spun, the dark colors melding and spinning outwards again into something bright. She was in the castle now, and Edmund, huddled at the fireplace. Across from him sat Gustaf, but though they were supposedly playing chess, neither of them were looking at the board. Edmund had his gaze fixed on the fire, either unknowing or uncaring that Gustaf was studying his face.\
"You are not yourself today," Gustaf said carefully. "How are you faring?"\
She could only have seen because she knew to look, but Elsa noticed the slight twitch in his hand, as though he wanted to reach out to Edmund. He never did, though. Had Edmund noticed too? Quickly, his eyes flickered over to Gustaf before looking into the fireplace again.\
"I'm all right," Edmund said.\
"Are you\'85sure?" Gustaf asked.\
"Yeah." Edmund reached to the chessboard, moving a piece seemingly without much foresight. "Just been tired lately. Guess I need more sleep."\
There were dark circles around his eyes that had no place on a child, especially stark in contrast to his fair skin. Worse than that was the flatness of his voice; Elsa guessed that Edmund was only five, maybe six, but he sounded ancient already. She had aspired to sound like this. She had done so much to repress her emotions, and here was this boy who had mastered that lesson already. It was horrifying.\
"You do not seem tired around the others," Gustaf mused.\
"Well\'85I dunno, I just have this feeling." Edmund shrugged, smiling softly. "I can let myself be tired around you, right?"\
Gustaf stilled. He continued to stare, seemingly unable to decide on any response, and Elsa could not decide whether he was happy or hurt. She circled around, and proximity allowed her to see the slight bob in his throat, the twitch in his jaw. At last, Gustaf settled on nodding.\
"If you should ever find yourself needing anything, anything at all," Gustaf said, rising from his seat while Edmund only looked confused, "I hope you know you can come to me."\
Gustaf rushed away, and Elsa could imagine him going to grieve alone.\
Once again, the world shifted, and the colors of the castle faded back into the grey of Baaj. Whatever peace and quiet that Edmund had managed to accumulate with Gustaf had vanished, and the scared little boy was once again ushered to the chamber where his reliquary would one day reside \'97 and Elsa suddenly knew what this memory would show. Markus nudged him down the corridors of the torture chamber, and Edmund fought to keep a brave face.\
"Enter through there," Markus said. "You will find a plinth in the center of the room. Upon the plinth will be a box. Retrieve what the box holds, and then you can return. Understood?"\
After an affirmative, Edmund wrapped his hand around the heavy brass knob and pushed against the door, but its rusted hinges would not budge. One glance at the growing displeasure on Markus' face and he redoubled his efforts, until the door swung open, and he wasted no more time, his heart leaping in his throat. There was something different about this memory. Elsa was not simply an observer now, but more. She could feel everything that Edmund felt, every bit of fear as though it were her own.\
Following him down the staircase and already knowing what to expect, suddenly Elsa found that she 
\i was 
\i0 him, was the boy stepping into the great unknown\'97\
Edmund eased his way down the winding path, wincing when the metal steps groaned under his feet. Still, the relative silence eased his fears. Never having been down to this part of the fortress before, he had only his imagination to fuel his curiosity; Edmund pushed away his thoughts before they could develop. He would not be afraid. He had only one simple task, and there was no point worrying.\
At the base of the staircase was another door similar to the first, but smaller and more decorative. Once again, the unoiled hinges, rheumatic, stayed obstinately still. Edmund pushed the door with all his might and, as soon as there was enough space, slipped through the gap.\
Unconsciously he had held his breath while entering, and now he breathed a sigh of relief. There was nothing so special about the room. Only a standard chamber room, windowless, but all the areas of Baaj were completely walled. Featureless grey stone, as was the norm, and the stench had long since stopped bothering him. In the center stood the plinth, its three prongs coming together to support a small, slender box.\
Edmund made for the plinth.\
Halfway there, he stopped and looked behind him.\
Nothing, and yet he had the strangest sensation of discomfort. For some reason, the door through which he had so recently entered, slightly ajar with barely enough space for him to fit, now seemed unsettling. He thought he had seen it quiver just a bit. Edmund wished that he had thought to close it behind him. But there was no need. He would be going through again in just a few seconds.\
Hastily, Edmund made his way to the edge of the plinth.\
He whirled around again, sure that there had been a noise\'85\
But the room was empty, and as intently as he listened, he could hear nothing but the sounds of his increasingly ragged breaths. He turned back to the plinth. Rather than walking too close, he stretched out his arm as far as he could \'97 not necessary, but for some strange reason he wanted to save time, to get out as quickly as possible. Sweat had begun to build on his forehead. Edmund swung his fingertips out wildly, rocking forward and yet keeping back all at once.\
There resounded a throaty chuckle, right behind him.\
Edmund knocked the box over as he wheeled around, but there was nothing there; and then there came careful taps and clicks from the walls, and he stumbled back, tripped over his feet, fell against the plinth.\
Nothing there.\
He remained leaning against the cool metal, paralyzed with anxiety, until his eyes fell on the box lying beside him. Hand shaking, he flipped the lid to reveal an ornate kris knife, its oscillating blade carved with runes that he could not understand. Edmund gripped it tightly, reassured, for just a moment, that perhaps he could hope to defend himself\'97\
Something laughed, softly, in his ear, and he felt an oily touch brush against his neck.\
Edmund lashed out with a cry, but he made no contact. Scrambling to his feet, he ran for the door and prayed for any god that might hear him.\
Something came behind him. Edmund heard its breathing and its heavy, thudding steps at his back.\
He was almost at the door, could see the stairs beyond.\
And the door slammed shut.\
Edmund hammered at the doorframe while wrenching the knob, called to his father in a choking sob, but all for nothing. There was the whispering at his ear again, incomprehensible words, hisses and snarls and whines. He beat at the door until his hands bled. There was no reprieve, and he began to feel 
\i anger 
\i0 then, anger at his weakness, and it was 
\i anger 
\i0 that fueled him past the mortal panic.\
He turned to the empty room and held out the knife with both hands.\
Small sounds were all around him, low moans and high screeches that joined together in an unholy cacophony. Though nothing could be seen, there was the echo of quiet pattering, of taps and clicks against the walls.\
"Stop!" Edmund shouted.\
It did not cease. As though to taunt his weakness, the sounds came closer, and closer, until he could imagine that 
\i something 
\i0 was bearing down on him \'97 Edmund whipped his arm forward to ward off whatever was coming, and responding to his terror, his magic sent a pulse of darkness rippling through the halls. It washed over every inch of the stone, suffocating all within reach with his desperate horror.\
And then he saw the truth about that place.\
Great beasts filled every inch of the space before him, hulking things that were hunched and terribly deformed. They had responded to his magic. They had swallowed his terror and been given form, nightmares fueled by his own imagination. None of them had faces. Only masks, some with leering faces and others with blank, porcelain gazes, but all of them had the same distorted limbs stretched into grotesque proportions, the same tortured forms with erupted spines and jutting ribcages. None of them had hearts. They had been torn out. There were wings and scales and tails, and enough beasts that they squatted in every corner, hovered in midair, piled atop each other, their horrific moans echoing.\
Once Edmund saw them, they, too, realized that he could see them.\
They leapt.\
Edmund screamed, falling against the door and sprawling onto the floor, curling into himself and raising his hands to protect himself. His mission, the knife, spun out of his hand, forgotten. Smothered by the terrible noises and the great stench of death, feeling the spectral touches against his skin as the beasts fought for his heart, he forgot all thought but of survival.\
It was a primal thing, his instinctive desire to preserve his life.\
And when it failed, his next thought was to protect himself from the terror by 
\i ending
\i0  his life.\
Edmund found the knife again when his scrabbling hands fought for purchase, and the desire to end things was so, so strong. Anything to stop this torture. Anything to escape this hell.\

\i Stop! 
\i0 \
Elsa forced herself away from him, struggling to separate her identity, but their link was still present even as her mind raced to fill in the holes that Edmund was too young to understand. All of these mindless beasts were the remnants of Markus' experiments. It was Markus who was planting in Edmund the suicidal command now, to force him to carve out his heart, and the sheer depravity \'97 Elsa knew what would happen, and yet she screamed when the deed was done.\
Edmund stabbed himself in the heart.\
Instantly the magic of the knife ripped out his heart, and Elsa was 
\i still 
\i0 connected to his mind, was forced, once again, to relive the agony of separation. She felt her heart seize, the core of her being drawn out by the darkest of magic, siphoned away even as her failing heart continued its futile resistance. In its last moments, the heart beat the strongest. Her organs felt ready to burst, blood found its way out from her nose, her eyes, her ears, her mouth, and she felt herself torn in all directions until it seemed that she would split apart. Elsa screamed as Edmund screamed, until, finally\'85\
His heart stopped beating.\
His blood stilled in his veins.\
But there was something terribly wrong, worse, even, than what Elsa knew. Her own reliquary had been entirely separate, and the pain became a distant memory as soon as the process ended; but something had gone wrong here. Edmund was still connected to his heart by a bare thread, so that his heart constantly fed the pain back to his body; and his magic constantly tried to snap the connection. Every moment of his life, his own magic was 
\i killing 
\i0 him.\
Elsa had not realized when she fell, but she collected herself and half-walked, half-crawled to where Edmund was lying, broken. His mouth was agape, but his voice had long since left him, and his eyes, though wide open, were glassy, unfocused. He looked so vulnerable that he appeared even younger than he really was, this five-year-old child who was now mutilated.\
Someone was coming.\
Elsa had expected Markus to arrive, but rather than coming through the door, someone else was phasing through the walls in half-shadow form. Gustaf rematerialized, looking devastated as he looked upon his mutilated son, but Elsa was just as angry at him as she was at Markus. She had no more pity.\
"I-I was too late," Gustaf said, and then he no longer spoke, only mouthed, 
\i Ina, Ina, Ina, 
\i0 over and over again. His trance was only broken when\'97\
Edmund gasped.\
Life resurged in his eyes, glassiness giving way to sudden, vicious clarity, and like a marionette pulled by its strings he sat up, doubled over, his limbs swinging to and fro in spastic movements.\
Gustaf immediately caught his diminutive hands when Edmund began clawing at his face, actually managing to gouge furrows from his eyes to his chin. Holding the boy close through his manic episode, Gustaf began to cry. It was the first time Elsa had ever seen his calm break, and for a moment she could not believe her eyes. Gustaf begged Edmund to calm down, begged him to come to his senses, and eventually, the pain settled. It would always be there, but Edmund finally stopped his flailing.\
"G-Gustaf\'85?" Edmund mumbled.\
"I'm sorry I could not protect you," Gustaf said. "I'm sorry I was too weak."\
"I don't\'85I don't\'85understand\'85"\
"Markus will kill you to keep you silent," Gustaf said, laying his hand over Edmund's head. Elsa knew what he was doing. Implanting suggestion. "You must pretend you have forgotten all this. Act as the person you always have been. Do you understand?"\
"Y-Yes\'85?"\
When Markus came to collect an unconscious Edmund, Gustaf was gone.\
Elsa closed her eyes to this hell.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 48: And All the Devils Are Here
\b0 \
Hans was sitting outside at the gardens that led into the forest path, staring absentmindedly at the darkened sky, when Oliver approached him.\
"Have you heard the news?" Oliver asked, sitting beside him without preamble. Hans swiveled his wheelchair to face the elder prince, whose expression was hopeful, though tinged with dark humor.\
"Agdar is coming," Hans said simply.\
News had come from the sentries. The Arendellian fleet, and that of Corona, Weselton \'97 and every other kingdom unfortunate enough to cross paths with the Southern Isles \'97 had amassed into one massive naval fleet. They would be here within the day, hours, perhaps, sped by the prevailing winds. Soon, the battle for the Southern Isles would begin.\
"It makes me nervous," Oliver admitted, but he was grinning too. "I also heard that there's been some unrest in the common districts. Guess what Anna has done?"\
"Nothing." Anna had barely been seen since the time she announced her rule. She retreated to her quarters, or was otherwise occupied in the cemetery, and sometimes the upper reaches of the castle.\
"Of course," Oliver said. "More and more people will be joining our cause."\
"You know that it doesn't matter in the long run," Hans said wearily, rubbing his eyes. He had not slept well in quite some time. Not since Alek had been frozen. "Agdar is coming to his death. That\'85thing\'85is too powerful to be stopped."\
It was not Anna. It might be wearing her face, but Hans refused to believe that was Anna. Alek had stayed true to that faith, and Hans would not be the one to tarnish his memory.\
"Yes," Oliver said. "Shall we talk numbers?"\
"\'85Of course." Hans exhaled. "While I was Captain of the Guard, I did get to know some of the soldiers; Alek was even better liked. I can guarantee thirty, maybe forty will join us. Perhaps fifty, at the most."\
"And I should have another twenty or thirty," Oliver said. Standing up and stretching his back, several joints cracked. "Eighty between us. Eighty people, against the standing army of the Southern Isles, and the most powerful sorceress in the world."\
"Wonderful odds," Hans said.\
Silence between them, but the silence was comfortable. Hans concentrated on simply breathing, once again watching the path that led to his mother's unmarked grave. She would be proud. Unlike his fool crusade to avenge her on his brothers, this time, what he was doing \'97 he knew that she would be proud.\
"We don't stand a chance," Hans said, and Oliver grew grim. "Not even with Agdar and his army. Not even if the commoners revolt. Nobody stands a chance, except\'85Elsa."\
As much as he wanted to place importance on their task \'97 Hans knew otherwise. None of their efforts would matter if Anna was not stopped. Perhaps, once, numbers and momentum might have been enough to overwhelm Elsa; but not this new threat. Anna was now beyond their mortal comprehension. Slim hope it might be, but they needed Elsa.\
"Are you\'85really sure that she will return?" Oliver shifted, and Hans knew his fear, the fear of death but even more so, the fear of failure. "For all we know, her corpse could be at the bottom of the ocean."\
"I'm sure," Hans said.\
"Why?" Oliver asked.\
"Because Anna is here." Hans rubbed his throat, smiling at the memory of Elsa threatening him. "You underestimate the lengths she would go to save Anna. We just need to buy some time. Revolution always carries risk, but I would rather die with dignity than live with this shame."\
At length, Oliver nodded. After asking him for permission \'97 for which Hans was grateful \'97 Oliver wheeled him back into the castle, where there was at least some modicum of warmth. Together, they looked closely at the halls where they had grown up. Soon, they would be filled with the rancor of battle. These were the last hours of an uneasy peace, presided over by their monstrous new queen, ruling from high above in her cold spires.\
"You\'85remind me of Saul," Oliver said. Hans raised an eyebrow, and he hurried to add, "Not the way he had become, but\'85the person that he had been, the one that I thought would make a good king."\
Hans smiled.\
"I'm not sure I trust your judgment."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa had expected the memories to cease after showing the reliquary being created, but they did not. Visions continued with desperate fervor, quicker now, so that she could barely comprehend one memory before the next started. It was an outpouring of suffering, and she could do nothing but watch.\
Markus might have killed Edmund in his sleep if he had not woken up in time, but Edmund did, and he knew well enough to feign ignorance. Even while he felt the throbbing pain in his chest, the hollowness of his loss, he pretended that he could not remember carving out his heart, or even ever learning magic.\
"Is something wrong?" Edmund asked, smiling as though he could not now perceive the bitterness of Markus' gaze. And then, looking at the calendar with feigned surprise, he shouted, "Wait! There's no way that thing can be right. It's off by a whole month!"\
Elsa now recognized the same half-suspicion, half-hesitance that Markus had displayed in the future. When he had interrogated Edmund almost immediately after she woke him from his cryogenic sleep, Markus had been trying to ascertain whether his memories\'85returned. Edmund had fooled him then, just as he did before. Markus hated Gustaf enough to torture Edmund, and loved Gustaf enough to keep Edmund alive.\
And Edmund flawlessly kept up his mask, guided by the suggestion that Gustaf planted in his mind. Here was the Edmund that Elsa had known, the one who was childish but unfailingly optimistic, and kind. Oh, he had truly been that way before; but now, she saw an imitation of the boy he was before the reliquary. Edmund knew no other personality to be had, and so he had held onto that mask well into adulthood.\
"It scares me more than your other mask," Elsa admitted, though Edmund could not respond.\
She watched him grow up.\
Edmund was scared, because there was now an unrelenting hunger that dominated his every thought. Elsa felt only an echo of it through him, and she was repulsed \'97 because she had felt such a thing too, though she had not recognized it, just as Edmund did not consciously recognize it in himself. It numbed every other sensation, drowned out every other emotion, with an all-consuming craving. They craved completion. They craved to fill the emptiness within them with something, anything.\
She watched him hurt himself just to feel something else.\
Edmund could never sleep at night, and after an entire day of his thespian performance, he sank to the floor and wept for his heart.\
"I don't understand, I don't understand," Edmund mumbled, again and again, until the night faded back into day, and he put the mask back on.\
Time flashed forward in a dizzying vortex.\
One night, less than a year later, he could not bear the silence of his room. He crept outside, walked into the forests, following a deliberate path as though beckoned. Disregarding the branches cutting into his skin, perhaps even relishing the pain, he made his way deeper into the woods.\
"Hans, I'm sorry. Mamma is so sorry."\
Elsa widened her eyes at the sight of Anya. Hidden behind another tree, Edmund watched as Anya tied rope around the branch of a great oak, watched as Anya wound it around her neck. Elsa did not understand when she saw Edmund breathe deeply, eyes becoming glassy and lips parting slightly. His hands wrapped around the tree, gripping so tightly that his nails dug into the wood, and his entire body shook with\'85pleasure. Disgust filled her at that revelation, and Elsa looked away from him.\
Edmund was feeding on her death.\
Anya choked to death upon that tree branch, and Edmund watched in ecstasy. He could feel her life ebbing away, the wax and wane of her strength as her instincts fought for survival. Her legs kicked, struggling for purchase, and she gasped for air that she so desperately needed. Edmund watched with unconcealed awe, every moment bringing him greater contentment.\
"Save her!" Elsa cried, but Edmund only ever watched.\
Until at last, Anya stopped struggling.\
At the moment of her death, the climax of pleasure washed over his senses. Edmund felt his knees buckle, and his eyes closed against his will to savor the sensation. All the while, Elsa shared in the echoes, but only felt sick. It was sweet intoxication. It was the greatest sense of release, greater than any ecstasy. But it was so 
\i wrong 
\i0 to sense death this way, to feed, to gorge on death.\
Had she also done this without knowing?\
Once the deed was done, Edmund remained there, trembling as the last throes of pleasure rippled through his body. But every high ended. Before long, Edmund came to his senses and saw, really saw what was in front of him, and the child stumbled back. Edmund pushed himself away, screaming.\
"Wh-What\'85?" Edmund retched, and then he vomited up the minimal contents of his stomach, crying with fear and disgust. For that brief moment, the hunger had been satisfied. It had been euphoric, but now the hunger was back, stronger than before. "What's 
\i wrong 
\i0 with me? 
\i What's wrong with me?
\i0 "\
Time passed, but Edmund never forgot that sensation.\
It haunted him.\
"Edmund\'85?"\
Gustaf knelt in front of the unresponsive boy, who stared unblinkingly into the fireplace. Edmund had such a deadened expression that it scared Gustaf enough to give up restraint and reach out, but Edmund only shied away. Afraid that he would hurt him. Afraid that he would do something monstrous again. Gustaf drew back, his throat bobbing, and Edmund slowly managed to flash his usual smile.\
"Nothing's wrong."\
"Please, Edmund, just talk to me," Gustaf said. "You can tell me anything, anything at all. I promised you before that I would be there if you need."\
There was a spasm of indecision.\
Just for a moment, Edmund had really considered...\
"Really," Edmund said, smiling, "I'm all right."\
Every now and then, Gustaf would try to reconnect with him, but Edmund put up his falsities and his smile, and he would never allow anyone to come close. There was only the illusion of such. Edmund only asked questions, never answered them. Another few months passed. Food no longer had any taste. Air was no longer sweet. His mind had compartmentalized, granting him eidetic memory. Elsa recognized these things. She had 
\i welcomed 
\i0 these things, once. Seeing this boy, she wondered why.\
"Nice to meet you! I'm Number Twelve \'97 Edmund. I hope we can be friends!"\
Elsa watched Edmund introduce himself to her, and realized that this was the day she was brought to the Southern Isles. Her younger self stood at the front of the throne room while the princes introduced themselves one at a time, and Edmund's bright smile had fooled her then. She watched herself smile back, but she could read Edmund's thoughts \'97 and was surprised to find that he 
\i did 
\i0 mean what he said.\
"Y-Yeah," Elsa had said, thrown but pleased by his enthusiasm. "Of course, I hope so too."\
"Well then," Edmund said, "I guess we already are since we both want to be friends."\
Rather than hold out his hand for a handshake like everyone else, Edmund had raised his hand, palm-first, and Elsa had bemusedly given him a high-five.\
Elsa saw many of the experiences they had shared, the two of them playing chess with Gustaf, the two of them playing pranks on Saul. In the middle of the hierarchy of power that was the Southern Isles, Edmund had been a place where none of that mattered. What she did not realize was that she, herself, had kept Edmund sane for a time. She could 
\i feel 
\i0 how much he treasured these memories, and it stunned her to her core that the reliquary would bother storing away any of these.\
Admiration.\
Edmund looked at her and saw what he thought he should be. Here was this girl who had gone through so much pain, been cast aside by her parents, but now she excelled at every expectation Markus set. She was strong. And most importantly, she kept her integrity. Edmund watched her train, and marveled that she never killed, never seemed to enjoy causing pain to others, and he would remember Anya with shame. He resolved to be better than that. He resolved to keep himself from becoming a monster again.\
"Checkmate," Gustaf said.\
Elsa remembered this memory well. Almost two years into her time at the Southern Isles, and she was only just beginning to interact with Gustaf. She was situated a good distance away from the couches, hiding behind a potted plant as Gustaf and Edmund played chess. Edmund sat so far forward he dangled precariously over the edge of the couch, and his entire face screwed up with utmost concentration as he glared at the chessboard. On the other hand, Gustaf looked completely at ease.\
"I made all the right moves!" Edmund exclaimed. "How did I lose again?"\
"You're overthinking and losing adaptability. Sometimes, you have to step back and look at the greater picture." Gustaf turned to Elsa, who had thought herself very discrete as she watched. "Would you like to join us, Elsa? You've stood there a while."\
Back then, she had not understood why he offered. Now she realized that Gustaf was 
\i grateful 
\i0 to her for managing to help Edmund.\
"O-Oh, I'm sorry. I wouldn't want to impose\'97"\
Moving so fast Elsa couldn't react with much more than a yelp, Edmund bounded up, took her by the hand, and dragged her over to the couches before sitting her down in his own seat across from Gustaf. Edmund himself plopped down on another couch and huffed.\
"You can get slaughtered in my place, Elsa," Edmund said. "Oh! Actually, I've been wondering. Can I call you 'Sis'? It's all right if I call you that, right?"\
"Don't scare the girl. Edmund can be very enthusiastic, I apologize," Gustaf sighed, rearranging the pieces on his side of the board. Elsa hastened to mimic him for her own field. "Nicely done."\
"Th-Thank you. And that's fine, Edmund," Elsa had said, but her voice left as a pitiful squeak and Gustaf raised an eyebrow. Watching this take place, the older, more experienced Elsa felt such embarrassment that she almost wished the reliquary would move on. But\'85these were happier, simpler times.\
Edmund grinned. "What did I say? We're family now. Calling Elsa 'Sis' isn't such a big deal."\
"As if anyone could refuse when you ask so suddenly," Gustaf said dryly.\
"It really is fine," Elsa said again, and Edmund cheered.\
How pleased Edmund had been! Elsa saw the genuine delight in his eyes, and after seeing him fake the emotion for so long, the difference was startling. It was incomprehensible that she could have such influence on him, but the proof was here. He had truly considered her family. He had believed that she was everything good.\
"How wrong you were about me," Elsa muttered.\
As the years passed and Edmund gained some semblance of control, it seemed that he might be all right.\
Everything changed once she created her reliquary.\
"Markus has decreed that I shall rule in his absence," Elsa had declared. "Until the day of his return, my commands shall be his commands as well. You will address me as Queen Elsa."\
Elsa looked up at herself seated on the throne, cold and distant; and she could understand the depth of the betrayal that Edmund felt when she lorded over them. She was supposed to be his sister and his friend, and yet here she was, unrecognizable.\
"For your betrayal against Markus," Elsa had said, staring down at Gustaf with what she once thought was mercy, "I sentence you with exile to Baaj."\
Edmund leapt from his spot, and of course he had protested, of course, when he 
\i knew 
\i0 the horrors the island contained. Had he thought that she, too, knew what exactly her order meant?\
"No!" Edmund said, turning to Gustaf and waiting for him to say something. When he did not, Edmund growled and looked back to Elsa. "You aren't sending him anywhere."\
"Edmund, I grant him this as a boon. I am reuniting him with his wife and child."\
How that must have sounded! Elsa shook her head. She had been blind.\
Edmund clenched his fists, magic roiling at his fingertips for the first time in years.\
"Why are you doing this? What are you\'97?" Edmund cut himself off and he looked at her, studied her face, until he recognized the same hollowness. It was in her eyes. Horror overcame his features, and Elsa remembered wondering 
\i why 
\i0 he was acting this way. She had worried for him.\
"Edmund\'97"\
"You're heartless," Edmund whispered, and Elsa slammed her hand on the throne to silence him. Gustaf hurried to apologize for him, but Elsa had already closed herself off entirely.\
"Perhaps I am heartless," Elsa had said. "But there is no use for the heart."\
She had actually managed to convince herself that was true.\
When Edmund saw her hollow eyes, he instinctively 
\i knew 
\i0 that she had done the unthinkable. She had carved out her heart, and willingly. She had rejected all of those things he had seen as her strengths, had thrown away her identity even as he struggled to hold onto his, and he snapped entirely. On that day, the fifteen-year-old Edmund, having suffered through ten years of pain, having managed to conquer that pain through sheer force of will \'97 broke.\
"Fine, I was wrong to think you were anything else," Edmund spat, but really, he had been thinking \'97 
\i I was wrong to think 
\i0 I
\i  could be anything else. 
\i0 From that day on, he would no longer be Edmund.\
"It was\'85because of me," Elsa murmured.\
She had pushed him over the edge.\
Now Edmund gave in to the hunger and he began to use his powers again. He started killing animals, any stray cats and dogs that he could find, any birds that still populated the frozen kingdom. Using his powers, he would stalk through the darkness and kill with the shadows, feeding on the deaths, again and again. Each time the hunger would pass, but for shorter and shorter times; and the hunger would return, stronger and stronger, until the intervals became unbearable. Animals were no longer enough.\
Elsa saw Edmund crouched in the darkness of his room, downing stolen medicine and narcotics just so his mind would be free of pain. And God, his chest \'97 Edmund gripped the area over his missing heart, and he knew he was dying. He could feel the seconds ticking away on his life, inching him closer to the day that his illness \'97 being a failure \'97 claimed him. And he was afraid. Oh, God, he was so scared, to deteriorate, to rot. Convulsions shook his body, and just once, he could not stop himself from crying out.\
"Your Highness?"\
Edmund tore from his spot and killed the servant boy who had walked in, ripping his body apart with the shadows and practically bathing himself in the blood. It was glorious relief, and slowly, his mind began to clear, the fury ebbed away, and the pain receded. There was no guilt, only dark pleasure. Anything to make the pain go away. Anything to 
\i feel
\i0  at all.\
After all, Elsa thought, unable to look away from his murderous rampage, they couldn't feel very many things. Killing was constant. It was something they could control. But for Edmund, the torturous desire to remake himself into something whole, something more \'97 
\i something
\i0  
\i better 
\i0 \'97 never disappeared.\
In the dead of night, Edmund returned to Baaj and stole every bit of the research left behind by Markus.\
Already, the island had been ravaged by the magic of his reliquary. Just as the Southern Isles had become a frozen wasteland, Baaj became tormented by darkness, and the spirits of the dead roamed the twisted earth. Elsa saw Edmund walk into the chamber where his reliquary was held. He looked at the black stone and the small flicker of flame inside, but the sight repulsed him as much as it fascinated.\
"My heart\'85" Edmund murmured, slowly bringing his hand up to touch the stone. Just before he reached his reliquary, he drew away. Many times he did this. Not once did he actually touch it.\
It was longing and loathing both, to see that discarded, but better part of themselves. Elsa had looked at her own reliquary and longed to have it back, but loathed herself and found herself unworthy; but then she could not bear to think that, and so hated her heart, deemed it weakness. Living contradictions, the two of them. Elsa might have smiled at the irony, but she still felt her insides twist every time Edmund came close only to stop 
\i just
\i0  before reaching his heart.\
Was there any way to reclaim the heart?\
Elsa hoped there was one.\
Edmund evidently decided otherwise.\
Backing into the torture chambers as he departed, Edmund's gaze was drawn to one of the prison cells. There were small paper cranes lying about, and he paused, uncertain. They reminded him of someone. He ought to remember with his now perfect memory. Edmund shook his head, and instead focused on another discovery. Lying on the bed was a mask, curved, with red streaks. It was little more than an iron muzzle. Used for torture, most likely. There were thin needles inside that would pierce the face, and a bridle-bit projected into the mouth and pressed onto the tongue \'97 so that speech was impossible.\
Edmund took the mask with him.\
Elsa looked over his shoulder while Edmund read by candlelight, and the indecipherable diagrams were, to him, salvation. From those writings, he learned about the reliquary, and the experiments that had been conducted. In the abandoned warehouse by the dockside, Edmund constructed his own laboratory, and he began to take victims. Slowly, one by one, people began disappearing. Edmund knew himself to be dying, and so he searched in vain for a way to prolong his life. He needed his heart back. But then, when he thought about the heart that was in Baaj, that so repulsed him, perhaps\'85\
He only needed 
\i a 
\i0 heart.\
None could be better than the one that commanded the Mirror.\
Elsa wondered if he had made his choice to take her heart simply because of that cold logic, or because he still harbored resentment. It made no difference. She watched as Edmund slaved away towards the better future that he envisioned, and she witnessed his delight when she brought Anna back from Arendelle. Here was the person who could weaken Elsa enough that her heart became vulnerable.\
And then Edmund crafted the persona of the Sorcerer. Of course, he had needed to hide his identity, and the mask he procured in Baaj, for no reason which was immediately obvious to him, became useful now. He pared off the needles and tore off the mouth bridle, and the skull-mask served him well. Alvard had stumbled upon his laboratory, so Edmund seized his mind and sent him to his death. Tobias became his test subject, and he learned that he could not contain the reliquary without Anna.\
"Why are you sharing this plan, and not going about this without me?" Tobias drawled.\
"Are you not interested?"\
"Oh, I'm very interested," Tobias said. "Though I'm just not sure there's any reason for me to believe what you're saying. See, I don't believe much in altruism. Please don't tell me you just like to share."\
"Perhaps I simply believe that you are up to the task."\
"\'85Just who are you, exactly?"\
"Nobody," Edmund had said, hiding behind his mask. Except this one he could still take off, and the mask that was his face he could not. "Though I hope to become someone soon."\
Everything after that no longer needed to be calculated so much, because Anna had already ingratiated herself to Elsa. Edmund was free to observe. He watched as she risked everything to get past the walls Elsa had erected, to understand her plight. He was amazed. It had been his plan, but even still, he was surprised that anyone could love Elsa, could so selflessly love someone like them, whose heart was dead.\
It made him wonder if she might be able to understand him, too.\
"Someone pure like you is rare," Edmund told Anna, while wearing the corpse that used to be Reid. "Which is why I wanted to meet you. Can you understand me, Anna, as you understand Elsa?"\
Anna had been silent, but Edmund knew that her answer would have been\'85\
"Yes," Elsa said. Anna would see the best in anyone. She was not so blind that she would disregard the bad; but yes, Anna could understand them. Edmund knew that too, and he admired her pure soul, began to develop a loving, jealous veneration for the faith that he could only play at\'85\
After the warehouse collapsed, Edmund retreated back to his own body.\
Gustaf was standing over him.\
"What have you been doing?" Gustaf asked. He sounded like he already knew the answer somehow. He always did. Edmund hated that about him, just as much as he once loved his guidance.\
"I was here," Edmund said. "You saw me just wake up."\
"I should hope that you do wake up soon."\
"\'85What does 
\i that 
\i0 mean?"\
"There was an explosion at the docks," Gustaf said, and he looked into his eyes knowingly, piercingly, so that Edmund felt like all his secrets were laid bare. "Shall we go and observe?"\
"Sure," Edmund said. It would be interesting to see if Hans survived, and at any rate, Gustaf would look suspicious by going there now.\
Edmund had planned all along to shift the blame to Gustaf. He had told Saul that he had a way of disappearing, and what better way than to die? If the Sorcerer died, then no one would ever know. Gustaf being the masked man was believable enough. And Edmund would make himself suspect too, because no one, not even someone as paranoid as Elsa, would suspect the same person twice. Oh, she would be so terribly mistaken about him. She would be regretful about having suspected him at all.\
So Edmund followed behind.\
Elsa followed too, but soon the vision had shifted to another time. She saw herself battling the Sorcerer, battling Edmund, and he was 
\i enraged 
\i0 that she outsmarted him. Impatience had won over his sense, and he fell into a trap. But that was fine. Elsa was not resourceful enough to stop him from leaving.\
Especially because she kept worrying about Anna.\
It was sickening. Seeing Elsa protect another person\'85Elsa could not be better than him. Edmund refused to acknowledge that Elsa might be 
\i anything 
\i0 other than the monster that he had become. Many times he could have escaped during their battle, but he stayed, and finally, he forced her to choose.\
"Choose, here and now," said Edmund, hand outstretched towards Anna. "You can either protect the girl or end me here, but you cannot do both. I leave it to you, Elsa."\
Elsa had chosen to attack him. Even though there was such pain in his mangled arm, and he knew he had failed, Edmund wanted to laugh. She had proved him right. He was still right. With that last thought, he succumbed to the darkness, finally allowing himself to just 
\i die
\i0 \'85\
\'85Shadows overtook him, and Edmund felt himself carried away. Bit by bit his awareness returned, as the powerful darkness \'97 much more powerful than his own \'97 flooded his senses. Unceremoniously, he was dumped at the chapel while the shadows reformed into the shape of a man.\
"Gustaf," Edmund murmured.\
"I thought you could change," Gustaf said, sounding so horribly disappointed that Edmund's eyes flew wide open. "I thought that you had only lost your way for a time, but I cannot stand by anymore."\
"\'85Lost my way?"\
Edmund laughed and laughed, tears coming to his eyes from the intensity of his mirth. And then, as abruptly as a machine grinding to a dead halt, he stopped.\
"Do you think that I still care whether you approve? Who do you think you are?" Edmund hissed. Wobbling to his feet by pushing against the altar with his hand \'97 his arm had miraculously healed 
\i \'97 
\i0 Edmund spat, "You've done nothing for me."\
But Gustaf had freed him from Elsa. And, Edmund noticed, given him his right arm. Gustaf was missing his right arm, while Edmund was healed\'97\

\i It\'85must have transferred when we were both in shadow. Why\'85? 
\i0 \
Edmund pushed the thought away, so convinced he was of his solitude. He tried his best to forget the times they shared, the times they played chess or talked through the long nights when Gustaf found him alone and unable to sleep. Yes, he was alone, and he had always been alone. What did it matter, then, that Gustaf was doing this tiny thing for him now?\
"Edmund, I only wish that you stop this madness!" Gustaf reached out, and Elsa saw how hard it was for him to reach for this son that he could barely recognize anymore, but how much harder it was Edmund to pull away. "It is not too late. No one needs to know, as long as you\'97"\
"Yes," Edmund spat, but he was so afraid that he would falter now. Never had he felt such indecision. Not since he was a child. "No one needs to know, because they will think it was you."\
With one violent motion, Edmund sent his magic tearing forward. It struck Gustaf and enveloped him, burrowing its way into his body, filtering through his eyes; but while Edmund was too furious to see anything other than what he wanted to see, Elsa noticed that Gustaf's gaze remained clear. Sad, though, wearied and burdened as though he had lived for a thousand years already and the weight of eternity rested on his mind. But there was no accusation. Gustaf\'85blamed himself. Perhaps rightfully, Elsa thought, vindictive again, but the flash of anger passed and she felt as tired as Gustaf did.\
He had tried.\
His mind was always his own, even as he pretended to follow Edmund's orders and hid himself.\
And then, of course, Elsa and Anna had arrived at the chapel, interrogated Edmund, and he used his magic on himself to make the appearance of a seizure. It was real, but such things had to be real to be convincing, and he threw himself in the way of an attack to protect Anna. Gustaf was felled. And Edmund, he laughed inside, he was so happy, he had pulled off his ruse perfectly\'97\
"It was me," Gustaf said. "If you are still wary, I assure you that I am not under control. My thoughts are my own. My actions are by my own volition."\
Edmund looked at him, and he realized that this man was truly, willingly, giving up his life for him. And he could not understand. Elsa clutched her head as the multitude of his thoughts invaded her own, the tumult driving through hers with battering force\'97\

\i Why is he doing this? What does he think he has to gain? He's going to die. What am I to him? He's going to die. Why would anyone be this stupid? He's going to die. Why\'85? He's going to die, and I will never know why. I don't understand. I don't get it. Gustaf. Gustaf is going to die. Gustaf is going to\'97
\i0 \
"I'm so sorry, Gustaf\'85" Edmund murmured, even as Anna took him away, and past the pain, he wanted so desperately to stay, to apologize, to beg the forgiveness of the one person who had ever cared about him and who would 
\i die 
\i0 now because of him. "I didn't realize\'85I didn't mean for this to happen\'85"\
Elsa looked away, and this one time, the reliquary acquiesced.\
As soon as Edmund recovered, Anna had gone with him to Gustaf's room.\

\i "Your name was Odon, but you are now Edmund and there is nothing so wrong with that. Now you know everything, but you are your own person. You can be whatever you choose to be. It was too late for me. It need not be for you."
\i0 \
Edmund clutched the letter to his chest and, for the first time in fifteen years, cried tears of remorse.\
"I should have seen. It's my fault!" Edmund screamed, resisting Anna's efforts to calm him. "Don't you see? Gustaf didn't need to die. All along, I should have known, I could have had more than this\'97!"\
Happiness had always been there within reach. If he had bothered to look. If he had bothered to listen. If he had bothered, for one instant, to even consider that maybe, just maybe, there was any other path than the one he had so resolutely bound himself to \'97 he might have been happy. But now it was all too late. Edmund wanted to throw up, because his father was dead, and he may as well have killed him with his own hands. He had 
\i plotted 
\i0 to let his father die for him. And Gustaf, that wonderful, horrible father, had really done just that. He had died for him. He had taken his last chance of happiness to the grave.\
"You can still hate what he's done." Anna gently placed her hand on Edmund's shoulder and he looked to her, despondent eyes practically pleading for an answer. She was so strong. She was so 
\i good
\i0 , so much stronger than him that he could barely fathom how much. "You can hate that he didn't tell you. It's just like he said. You can choose. You can love him and still hate what he did, Edmund."\
Edmund laughed and sobbed all at once, clutching at Anna, his lifeline. "If only I could do that, I think I would. I really think I would, Anna. I would love him. If he had told me, I would have\'97!"\
He would have tried.\
Hours after Anna left, Edmund sat alone, still clutching the letter. He had read it again and again, committing to memory not just the words but the writing, every stroke of the pen and every curve of every line. It came too late; Edmund could not bring himself to love Gustaf now. It was only a tantalizing dream that would never be realized. And anyhow he did not deserve love, whether to receive it or to give it. Edmund \'97 the boy who had killed his own father \'97 did not deserve happiness.\
He hated Edmund.\
With every fiber of his being, he hated Edmund, and he could not any longer bear to 
\i be 
\i0 Edmund.\
"Anna, I envy you so much," Edmund said aloud, staring into the darkness as the abyss stared back. "You can still have faith, because you have done nothing wrong. You are faultless. You\'85are perfect. If only\'85"\
Elsa wanted to scream, but the reliquary was already pushing her away, because this was the 
\i last 
\i0 memory that it held, because here, at this point in time, Edmund had truly discarded his heart.\

\i I wish I was that strong. I wish I could be like you. I don't want to be me anymore.
\i0 \

\i I wish\'85 I wish I was you, Anna.
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa awoke once more at Baaj.\
She opened her eyes and could immediately see with surprising clarity. Lying right there was Edmund's reliquary, and the heart had worsened even from the time she saw it last. Soon, the corroding shell would be nothing but dust, and the flame inside would be exposed, would flicker out. It could sense its complete abandonment. It was only a matter of time now.\
Part of her wished that she had never seen all of those memories. She did not 
\i want 
\i0 to understand Edmund. Her one remaining weapon had been her cheated rage, and now even her rage had been taken away. She was left feeling empty, cold, as though she were nothing but a hollow vacuum.\
Without her rage\'85\
What did she have left now?\
Elsa turned away from the darkness, and saw Olaf.\
Her mouth opened in surprise, but the snowman seemed somber and unsurprised by her presence. Elsa remained motionless while Olaf wobbled to her with his tottering gait. He was not smiling anymore. Without the irregular tooth, he might have looked severe. With the tooth, he simply looked\'85sad.\
"Olaf," Elsa said. "I thought you didn't make it."\
"I'm just a snowman," Olaf said, looking her dead in the eyes, and Elsa flinched at the caustic edge in his words. "I'll always make my way back to you."\
"How did you\'85find me?" Elsa bent down on one knee so she was at eye-level with the snowman. "Not just here. How did you find me at the Southern Isles?"\
"I am just a snowman," Olaf said again, slowly.\
"I-I don't understand."\
Olaf said nothing, and they simply stared at one another silently, while Elsa did everything in her power to pretend that she could not sense the truth. She would have looked away if she were able. But behind those dark eyes she could sense something more, and she was drawn to that vibrancy as she had always been. Within the shell of snow, there was a pulse.\
"Anna gave it to you when we built you that day," Elsa said.\
Olaf was holding her heart.\
Olaf 
\i was 
\i0 her reliquary.\
"I wondered if you would recognize me," Olaf said.\
"Did you doubt that I would?" Elsa shook her head. She felt her mouth dry, but she could not contain the urge to keep talking, to explain. "Of course I'll recognize you, I can feel my heart right there\'97"\
"Well, I just wasn't sure if you would 
\i want 
\i0 to recognize me."\
Elsa shut her mouth.\
Olaf turned his attention to the reliquary \'97 the 
\i other 
\i0 reliquary \'97 resting on its plinth less than five feet away. His eyes stared unblinkingly at the sacrifice for a moment, and then he lowered his head. His whole body slumped, leaving him looking so reduced that he seemed a foreign creature altogether.\
"Did you see everything that it had to show you?"\
"Yes," Elsa said.\
"And did you\'85have any thoughts about that?"\
Elsa shook her head mutely.\
"Nothing?" Olaf asked again. "Are you sure there was nothing at all?"\
"I'm not like him," Elsa choked, "I'm nothing like him."\
Olaf raised his head, and for a moment there was a deep, deep sadness in his eyes; but the black began to glow, and the piercing blue light that emerged was gloriously bright. She could barely see the snowman anymore, but she could make out the shell of snow falling away, revealing for an instant the brilliant shard of her heart. It was so bright that Elsa had to shut her eyes \'97 and then she felt a warm hand grasp the front of her shirt and pull her close, and her eyes flew open again.\
She was looking into her own face.\
Her face as a child, except those eyes were aged beyond their time, and there was something horribly wrong about seeing deadened eyes on an innocent face. Elsa stilled under the force of her burning gaze. She wanted to die rather than be judged by that gaze, pitiless, condemning.\
"I hate you," said the Other-Elsa.\
"I know," Elsa whispered.\
"Don't tell me you know! You don't know anything. You'll 
\i never 
\i0 know." Slowly, her voice had become a hiss, but now the Other-Elsa snarled. "You cut me out and locked me away in the dark."\
"I-It wasn't like that," Elsa said, but her younger self responded only with a cutting laugh. "I didn't have a choice, I 
\i needed 
\i0 to, I wouldn't have been able to go on unless\'97"\
"Unless you reduced yourself to a wraith?"\
Elsa would have looked away if she could, but she was drawn to that betrayed gaze as though she wanted to be judged.\
"It's just an excuse. It's an easy out that you can hide yourself behind," said the Other-Elsa. "It makes me sick to even look at you. Being reminded that I used to be a part of 
\i you
\i0 \'85!" Another laugh, but her younger self was not smiling. She jerked her head toward the other reliquary. "How many excuses can you make before you take a good look at yourself?"\
"I'm nothing like him," Elsa said again, following the Other's gaze to the corrupted, corroding heart that lay so close. "I 
\i want 
\i0 to be whole again, I 
\i want 
\i0 my heart back\'97"\
"
\i For \'97 what \'97 reason!" 
\i0 \
Elsa stilled, and her younger self stared at her with triumph. She had barely raised her voice, and yet, still, her voice rang in her mind and carried through her entire being. There were no more words. Elsa had nothing left to defend herself from these faults, because she 
\i knew 
\i0 that the Other was right.\
"For Anna," said the Other-Elsa.\
"\'85Yes," Elsa said.\
"Never for your own sake. Never for 
\i my 
\i0 sake," said the Other-Elsa, her strong voiced reduced to little more than a whisper, and it was utterly broken.\
Unbidden, Elsa turned her gaze to Edmund's reliquary. No more use in denying the truth. She was so much like him. She had done the same things. All the same things. Perhaps not to the same extent, but she had wanted to somehow remake herself so she would be like Anna. She had no other reason for wanting her heart back. She hated how wretched her existence had become, just as Edmund did, and she thought that, maybe, she could learn to be like Anna. It was always about Anna. Not her own sake.\
"But you know that my memories were changed," Elsa said weakly. "I was tricked, I wouldn't have given up my heart otherwise. I know I was wrong, but\'97"\
"Who else do you have to blame? You 
\i abandoned 
\i0 me. You were the one to throw me away, not anyone else!" Elsa stood stunned, but the Other no longer seemed to derive any pleasure from her pain. She was crying. Elsa stayed still while the Other beat her tiny fists against her chest, sobbing. "What do you have to be so afraid of that you would\'85throw\'85me\'85away?"\
Elsa said nothing, and the Other-Elsa faltered. Her every blow was weak, half-hearted, until finally she simply collapsed into her arms. Elsa could feel her pitifully small frame shaking with the force of her sobs, and she unconsciously tightened her hold. In response, the child clutched onto her arms like she was drowning, and Elsa was her only lifeline. It may well have been true.\
"I'm sorry," Elsa whispered.\
"\'85I know," said the Other-Elsa. "But I 
\i refuse 
\i0 to be part of someone whose only purpose is to try to be another person. If you have no more need of me, then I would rather destroy myself and have us both rot. Anything is better than living another lie. It would be the best for me\'85and for you."\
Was this to be her end, rejected by the heart that she had once abandoned?\
"I understand," Elsa said.\
"\'85Are you just giving up, then?"\
"I'm not giving up," Elsa said, and she drew away, keeping her hands on the Other's shoulders, so that she could look into her eyes, 
\i their 
\i0 eyes. "I understand that I might not be worthy of my heart anymore, but I \'97 I'm willing to try. Please give me another chance."\
Now it was the Other's turn to search her eyes, searching for any glimpse of dishonesty, any hint of deception. But she had never needed to look. She could feel anything and everything that she felt. After all, Elsa knew, this was still her heart. After a very long moment, the Other-Elsa nodded.\
"Why do you want to try?"\
"I-I want to be whole again. I know what I'm missing."\
"Still the same. Still wanting things, and not knowing why\'97"\
"No!" Elsa surprised herself with the conviction in her voice, and perhaps the Other, too. She quieted and stared at her with wide eyes. "I-I know. I know why I did what I did \'97 I was hurt, I made myself vulnerable and I was hurt, and, and I \'97 I didn't want to be hurt again. I needed certainty. I needed to know that I would never even have the 
\i chance 
\i0 to hurt again."\
"So why\'85do you want that back?"\
"Because I know I can't ever have total certainty," Elsa said, and just 
\i saying 
\i0 that made her feel lighter, somehow. She had never realized how very weighed down she had become. "You asked me what I was afraid of, and I can tell you now \'97 I can admit \'97 I was afraid of pain, and hurt, and rejection. I thought I could lock myself away and become 
\i better
\i0  than other people, and I wouldn't even need their approval. I thought I could harden myself so that I would never be vulnerable again."\
"\'85It was the easier way, I know."\
"It was," Elsa agreed. "And I really thought I was happy like that, for a while, because \'97 I was so detached from everything that I couldn't feel 
\i anything
\i0  anymore. I couldn't feel the 
\i pain 
\i0 anymore."\
"What's changed?" asked the Other-Elsa, desperately, so desperately and so full of reluctant hope that there were once again tears in her eyes; and Elsa knew that, once, she would have found this to be the most detestable weakness, that she should 
\i never 
\i0 cry again. She would have wanted nothing to do with this child. She would have done everything \'97 she 
\i had 
\i0 done everything \'97 to rid herself of this weakness.\
Elsa took a deep breath.\
"Nothing has changed. Nothing will make the world certain, but I \'97 I can accept that now. Or at least, I want to try. I want the chance to be 
\i myself 
\i0 again, not anyone else\'85and not for anyone else. It might be hard to have to feel again and bear the pain, but it's 
\i my 
\i0 pain, and that pain\'85makes me who I am."\
She was stumbling over her words. There was so much more that she wanted to say, but this would have to suffice. They were long past the point of words; Elsa waited, and this time, the Other-Elsa was just as lost. She remained silent while she read past the words, into the bond that had always been there. Finally, she swallowed and nodded again. There was just a hint of a smile on her face, but Elsa could no longer be sure. Light flooded her senses, and she could only hear one last sentence, one last question that her heart needed answered.\
"\'85Are you still afraid?"\
But they already knew the answer.\
Before her eyes, the form of the little girl dissolved into the most beautiful glow she had ever seen, made of light upon water, of poetry. And Elsa accepted the warmth of its touch, closing her eyes, fully allowing herself to feel this radiance. It was like the breeze whispering over her skin, the touch of summer relieving her of the long winter she had endured. She felt the soft warmth pass through her body, and she was born anew. All the hollow pain that tormented her for so long was finally assuaged. Her senses, which had been so dulled, flared into existence, so that the world became so much fuller, so much more complete. She had feared this before. She knew she had. Being whole again, being vulnerable, she had thought that was weakness. Every moment of her life, she had feared.\
Elsa opened her eyes.\
"I'm not afraid."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna stood high above. Where the winds were at their strongest and the storm raged without mercy, she stood motionless, clad only in a simple white doublet. Her attention was elsewhere. Even as her eyes traced its clear surface, the Mirror glowed with swoops and whirls of blazing light, but\'85\
Something was not quite right, and Anna was very amused to learn the reason.\
There was a missing piece.\
Anna had not noticed until now, too enraptured by the rush of triumph, but her heart \'97 and the center of the Mirror \'97 was fragmented at its core. It seemed almost unthinkable that she would be so neglectful, but it was only the smallest of fragments, barely a sliver missing from the snowflake heart. Even without the shard, the Mirror was already functional, and had responded to her desire. It would only take a little longer to activate and finish the momentous task.\
Though perhaps she would have the chance to reclaim the last piece soon enough.\
Anna could sense Elsa approaching.\
She grinned even as her fingers traced the small schism, because Elsa was the only person that could make her feel so alive. Elsa was the only thing worth waking and living and dying. She had become weak, but now she was strong again, and Anna felt exhilaration at the thought that they would meet again. Oh, how she would treasure this meeting! Since Anna had been reborn, Elsa was all that had been in her mind. It had always been Elsa dominating her every thought. She 
\i loved 
\i0 Elsa so much.\
Anna stepped into gleaming silver boots, allowing magic to finish the ensemble. Greaves buckled to her legs. Gauntlets slid onto her hands, completed by the additional vambrace. Over her torso, an ornate cuirass snapped into place, followed by faulds that fell over her hips. Anna pinned the dark flowing cape to her shoulders personally, lowered the tiara of her royal office onto her head, and took a long second to admire her reflection. More of her hair had whitened, but that was fine.\
She was dressed for war now.\
Because soon she would face her legendary foe, her eternal rival, her only equal, and she would savor every moment of this end. It would be a fitting finale between them. Until that moment, she had not yet lived, and after that climax, after reaching that sublime peak of perfection, she would end the world. Everything would end while she was still perfect. She would never deteriorate, never decline.\
She would freeze the entire world.\

\i "I shall not die alone, alone, but kin to all the powers,
\i0 \

\i As merry as the ancient sun and fighting like the flowers.
\i0 \

\i How white their steel, how bright their eyes! I love each laughing knave,
\i0 \

\i Cry high and bid him welcome to the banquet of the brave.
\i0 \

\i Yea, I will bless them as they bend and love them where they lie,
\i0 \

\i When on their skulls the sword I swing falls shattering from the sky.
\i0 \

\i The hour when death is like a light and blood is like a rose \'97
\i0 \

\i You never loved your friends, my friends, as I shall love my foes."
\i0 \
Anna closed her eyes, and she waited for the end.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Now, I know I said I wouldn't have any more notes until the story's end, but close enough. After all, this is the second to last chapter! And today is the one-year anniversary of Tempest. One year ago, I started this story, and now, there's just one chapter left. Thank you again for being on this journey. I hope that you will find the ending a satisfying one, though it may not necessarily be what you all may want. It might be, though, but remember that not all good endings are happy :)\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 49: At the Heart of All Beauty
\b0 \
Visible at the highest peak of the castle was a gruesome sight.\
Markus had been strung up and hanged from the tower battlements.\
Agdar averted his eyes from the ruined corpse of the fallen king, so brutalized that he could not fathom the depth of hate the deed must have required. His throat, shredded and flayed, was now little more than a flap of skin that did nothing to hide the muscle and bone beneath. Agdar touched his knuckle to his forehead in respect, though few of the world leaders beside him did the same. Planning their campaign, they had discussed ways to counteract Markus. Never in his wildest dreams had Agdar imagined Markus would meet his end with such indignity, yet here he was, prey to the cruel elements.\
"Perhaps Elsa overthrew him."\
"No," Agdar said, though none of the others looked particularly convinced. "She was too loyal, and regardless, she would not have done\'85this."\
Still, he could not imagine who else would be able to overcome the mage. It did not bode well. If they had not come so far already, he might have retreated for the time being; but their army stood just outside the gates, and victory was so close now that it would have been a disservice to the brave men and women who followed him. After triumphing over the leaderless forces which had attacked Arendelle, their counterattack had been swift and decisive. Momentum was theirs, and morale was high.\
They would never again have this chance.\
"What do you recommend, Lord Agdar?"\
"We press on!"\
Horns rang, signaling the army to proceed, continuing their inexorable march towards battle. Just ahead was the castle, whose walls bore such an innumerable force of archers that their red-and-white blended into an unbroken image of fire. Stationed at the base stood an army even larger still, the pikemen at the front, swordsmen behind, the flash of steel blindingly bright as it glinted off the snow. It was a force larger than they had mustered, even with their combined resources. They were only an amalgamation of small kingdoms, long oppressed, while the Southern Isles had cannibalized off their resources.\
It didn't matter now.\
It was do or die.\
Agdar led the charge, sword held high in defiance and a war-cry tearing from his lips, as his horse powered through the snowy plains. There was a rumble of iron-shod hooves behind him, clapping against the frozen ground; and the thunder-like rhythm of the galloping horses substituted for war drums, the clattering and clanging of harnesses adding to the cacophony. Before they could approach, a windstorm of arrows volleyed from the walls, skirling and sizzling with fire. Agdar hardened his heart against the screams echoing behind him, the tumultuous thuds as horse and rider collapsed, the nauseating stench of burning flesh. War was always swift and brutal.\
Finally, the two armies met.\
They crashed against one another like the tides of a sea at storm, like lightning striking the waves. His horse crushed bones, trampled soldiers underfoot, and every stroke of his sword killed or maimed. Blood dyed the snow red as the battle devolved into a cataclysm of steel. Within seconds, the world became chaos. Agdar parried spear, axe, and sword, hewing his way to the gates. All around him, the tide of battle ebbed and flowed, as his men mangled and gashed the serried ranks, carving and cleaving towards the center of the enemy army.\
But the enemy was pushed back easily. Agdar could sense their reluctance, could see it in their ashen faces. There was no initiative in any of their defenses. Agdar pushed closer and closer to the gates, cutting through the ranks of terrified soldiers, and then \'97screams, from inside. Before he could react, the gates opened of their own accord.\
Agdar watched open-mouthed as Prince Oliver thundered forth on horseback, yelling, "Hold the gate! Welcome, King Agdar of Arendelle!"\
All around, the battlefield degenerated into further madness as some of the Southern Isles soldiers turned on their own, and arrows fell both outside and inside the gates. Upon the walls, soldiers fought their former comrades, abandoning their weapons and grappling as savage beasts. Bodies were flung like refuse over the wall, the shrill screams of the fallen piercingly loud \'97 before they struck the ground, and were silenced. Before long the battlefield had been baptized in blood, emanating the bitter perfume of crushed corpses, their entrails spilt over the once pristine snow.\
Agdar's forces redoubled their efforts at their fortune, and the battle resumed, the army surging into the castle grounds. Oliver rode out, cleaving through his countrymen without hesitation.\
"Why are you doing this?" Agdar asked.\
Oliver smiled sadly.\
"Because this is my home."\
Agdar knew nothing of him, save for reputation. It could have been a trick. It could have been a trap. But taking one look at his face, seeing the resolve there \'97 no less steel than the spears that glinted like wicked hoar frost \'97 Agdar trusted him.\
Together they pressed on, Agdar and Oliver, fighting side by side and leading the charge into the castle. All across the courtyard were barriers of wood and stone, and behind the barricades, solders launched arrows and lances both. Agdar had his back turned when he heard the whistle of an arrow, and he spun around, too late \'97 Oliver cut the arrow in half before it could reach his eye. They exchanged a brief nod and resumed their charge. Agdar ripped a shield from the stiff grasp of a corpse, not recognizing whether he had been friend or foe. War hammers crashed onto his upraised shield, releasing shrill screeches as jagged ends punctured the steel. With all his strength, releasing an enormous roar, Agdar pushed them all away and fought on. With Oliver he carved a swath through the courtyard, but they barely made a dent in the overwhelming numbers.\
There was cannon fire now, and the blasts rang, hollow, in his ears, as the sulfurous smell of gunpowder mixed into the carnage. With each ear-splitting detonation snow was blasted apart, upturned, along with the dry earth hidden beneath, into filthy geysers that rained back down upon them all. It was all the worse because the snow had been so saturated with blood and oil already. Agdar tightened his grip on his sword, fearing it would slip out of his grime-ridden hands.\
"We have the gate," Agdar said, coughing when smoke cloyed his lungs. "We're in perfect position to take the towers, perhaps two hours, and if we can man the castle walls\'97"\
"No!"\
Oliver was interrupted by an oncoming wave of spearmen. His horse reared back and he fell, tumbling into the snow, but he rolled back to his feet and was on the group at once. Perhaps they quailed at the sight of their prince, for he soon disarmed them, slicing through the pikes, and they fled.\
"We have more than enough men, especially with your reinforcements," Agdar said, extending his hand for Oliver.\
"It would take too long. All the soldiers have been ordered to stall, to hold the castle for as long as possible, and whatever the queen might be planning needs to be stopped immediately." Oliver clambered onto his horse, face grim. "We need to storm the castle, and we need to do it now."\
"It's impossible," Agdar said.\
"For the army," Oliver corrected, hefting his sword. "But we can charge through the ranks while the army serves as distraction. Your Majesty, I'm sorry, but we must do this. We have no time! You are the last hope that I dare to have. Perhaps, at the sight of you, she might still give pause, become vulnerable."\
Elsa would not pause at the sight of him, Agdar thought, but instead become infuriated; but he saw the desperation in Oliver's face, and he did not question. Kicking to urge his horse to speed, Agdar thundered across the courtyard, his steed leaping across the fortifications and knocking aside any who dared to stand in their way. Agdar and Oliver cut at soldiers along the way, but only to protect the horse's legs, and they knocked aside any stray arrows, and soon they had crossed the fountain.\
Now the main doors were in sight.\
And they opened of their own accord.\
An armored figure stepped out, toweringly tall in his pitch-black guise. His visor was lowered, covering his face and obscuring his eyes, and together with his armor revealed nothing of the person beneath. It may as well have been a creature born of steel. Upon his belt hung a collection of swords, three on each side, and in his hands he wielded a great claymore befitting his stature; Agdar could not imagine the sheer strength necessary to wield such a thing. Oliver gasped, and Agdar wondered if he recognized the knight \'97 but he continued his charge, eyes narrowing when the knight stalked forward, unfazed by the charging warhorse.\
An instant before they collided, the knight sidestepped. With one mighty swing, he drove the claymore deep into his steed, gashing through its flank and releasing a cascade of blood.\
They were thrown off the saddle when the horse itself was flung back, nickering its death throes. Agdar slammed into the snow, tasting the brackish tang of blood on his tongue. Barely able to breathe, head swimming so furiously that he could not focus on any one thing, pure adrenaline kept him conscious.\
Blinking past his blurring vision, Agdar saw the knight approach. He had discarded the claymore, instead now wielding a longsword. Oliver had fallen unconscious; Agdar struggled to his feet, threw up his sword to block, but the knight's strike crushed through his guard before he recovered. Without uttering any sound, the knight hammered away at him, relentless blows delivered with utmost precision. Agdar had never seen such swordsmanship. Forced to step back, again and again \'97 and then the knight spun past a stab, cut the back of his hand, and Agdar dropped his sword.\
Defeated.\
Agdar doubled over when the knight drove a gauntleted fist into his stomach. It felt as though his organs would burst with that simple strike \'97 Agdar choked out a mouthful of blood and spittle, and he offered no resistance when the knight seized his neck. Agdar felt himself lifted off the ground and then slammed back down, his bones splitting and splintering with the impact. It was the hiss of steel that alerted him. Just on the edge of his fading consciousness, he saw the point of a sword hovering over his chest. Standing over him, the knight lifted his sword, and prepared to drive it down.\
Before he closed his own, Agdar saw green eyes stare back at him.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa leapt off her ship and raced through the smoky chaos that was the Southern Isles.\
Riots had broken out all throughout the kingdom and they were especially prominent here, the poorest sectors closest to the docks. It was carnage. Commoners fought against the soldiers, their long-time oppressors, leaving the streets strewn with rubble and corpses. Soldiers cleaved through the unarmed without restraint, shields pushing them down, armored boots crushing heads underfoot. But what the peasants lacked in equipment, they made up for in ingenuity and sheer numbers. Elsa witnessed the mob overcoming armed soldiers with paring knives, splitting axes, even the weight of their bodies.\
Homes not yet sundered had been set aflame. What used to be a white sky had been polluted to carnal-black and brooding, filled with the crackling of sparks flitting through the wind. But perhaps the haze and heat of the flames and the rush of the moment numbed the people to what should have been obvious. Only Elsa saw the lesion that pierced the benighted sky. Through the jagged scar shined a hint of white light, light somehow worse than the gentle darkness.\
She had to hurry.\
Elsa stopped for nothing, pushing past the belligerent crowds too frenzied to even realize who she was, and felling the soldiers that blindly struck out. Snow rippled into ice beneath her feet, and she glided across the plains. Faster than could be followed. Faster than she had ever managed before. She could not remember ever being more in tune with her powers. Once, she would have needed either the utmost concentration, or the simple, reckless abandon that came with being around Anna. Only now could she so effortlessly, so consciously control her magic.\
Even the tiniest shard of her heart had returned her to her former strength, and more. How foolish it seemed now, to believe the reliquary could ever grant her power! It had done nothing but momentarily tear down her inhibitions. But now\'85all her world had brightened in an explosion of colors. Especially here, where the winter was at its strongest, Elsa could sense the magic of the ice and the snow like an extension of her being. It was seeing sights others could not, hearing sounds others could not. Perhaps that was why\'85\
She knew something was wrong.\
Elsa knew the power of her eternal winter better than anyone. It had already been an enormous feat to put the entire kingdom under spell, but she had only been able to freeze the elements. What was happening here went far, far beyond her untrained efforts. It was a sentient cold, ravenous, and rasping with deathly hunger audible on the fell winds. It sought out heat, burrowed its way into whatever warmth it could find, and consumed it entirely. Not just the body but heart and soul, as the cold enshrined itself in the divine warmth that it so craved\'85and gorged until nothing was left.\
Even Elsa was not entirely immune to the effect.\

\i Why are you doing this, Edmund?
\i0 \
Elsa thought there was a response on the wind, but she could not be sure. Was Anna omniscient now? She hurried to the castle, each second magnifying the sounds of battle which had once been distant. Something she knew well, but unimportant for now. What interested her was the immediately visible sight of the uppermost spire jutting above the smoke, the source of the lesion of light. There was where she needed to head. As Elsa weaved her way through the ranks of soldiers and surged through the open gates, she paid no heed to the others. She had not come here for any noble reason. What concerned them did not concern her at all, until\'85\
She saw Agdar lying defenseless, as the knight poised a blade over his throat.\
Lightning sprang from her fingers, ripping across the battlefield in the blink of an eye. It struck the flat of the blade and tore the sword out of the knight's hand. Without even flinching from the shocks no doubt coursing up his arm, the knight drew another of the blades hanging at his waist, utterly bent on his prey; but by now, Elsa had crossed the distance between them, and the avalanche of snow she rode upon crashed into him. It should have been force enough to rent his armor and shatter his bones, and indeed the armor crumpled. Yet the knight stood tall even as the snow surged around him. Ice froze all around his body in jagged crystals, like the blossoming petals of a flower, rising higher and higher until the cocoon had reached the level of his neck.\
Elsa widened her eyes when the knight punched through the ice prison, and his one free hand began prying away at the rest. Snapping off one crystal, freeing part of his torso, he managed to lunge forward. His gauntleted hand grasped for her even as his eyes burned with rage. But he could not overcome her magic with brute force. Finally, her avalanche swept the knight away and tossed him across the courtyard. His body struck the wall with an audible crunch of metal.\
He did not get up again.\
"Persistent," Elsa murmured.\
"You\'85saved me."\
Elsa looked down, seeing for the first time that Agdar was staring at her with amazement. She offered him a hand, and he snapped out of his trance. Gingerly taking her hand, he wobbled to his feet.\
"Don't mistake me, I have little good will for you after you tried to kill me," Elsa said, but her voice carried no malice. "Still\'85I understand. For Anna's sake, I couldn't stand by and do nothing."\
"But if you are here, then\'85" Agdar trailed off, and his gaze turned to the castle. "Who are we fighting?"\
Elsa did not answer him. Instead, she strode over to the fallen knight and knelt down, hooking her fingers under his helm. She tore it off with one smooth motion, revealing the face beneath.\
She had known there was something familiar about him.\
Alek's eyes snapped open.\
His arm swung for her head. It caught in the ice which arose between them, holding him in place, and with that translucent barrier between them, Elsa could observe his face.\
"Edmund ruined you," Elsa murmured.\
There was little left of the boy she had known. All of his defiance before, she had admired with grudging respect. What she saw now was only a primitive beast, snarling, with teeth bared, and green eyes resembling saurian slits, festering with reasonless hatred. Watching him as he struggled against his binds, she could think of only an injured animal.\
Elsa pushed herself back as Alek tore his arm free, releasing a rage-fueled roar and drawing yet another sword. Agdar might have yelled some warning, but with what came next, it barely registered.\
"Let Elsa come to me."\
She was struck by such pressure that it became difficult to remain on her feet. Even breathing became next to impossible. It was like an invisible hand pressed on her spine, forcing her to bow, but Elsa focused all her power and pushed back. Still, her knees buckled. Just as she thought she might snap in half, the force relented, leaving only a vague sense of amusement. It was no victory on her part. It was not something she had taken, but rather, something she had been 
\i granted
\i0 .\
There were similar reactions across the battlefield. All the fighting had ceased, and most the soldiers were on the ground, clutching their heads to drive away that haunting voice. Alek had suddenly stilled and now stood motionless, eyes vacant as though he were nothing but a doll.\
Agdar retched. His face was sickly pale, but he still bit out, "Th-That was\'85!"\
"Anna," Elsa finished.\
"It can't be," Agdar said, his head snapping in her direction, but he knew her voice as well as she did. Neither of them would fail to recognize it. "No, I won't believe that! Anna would not\'85Anna cannot\'97!"\
"It's just her body, possessed by someone else," Elsa said.\
There were a million questions that Agdar must have wanted to ask, and Elsa might have granted him that, because it was his 
\i right 
\i0 to know. But both of them knew they had no time. Instead, their eyes met. Elsa wondered if Anna had ever told him about them, whether Anna had told him of the good, or of the bad, or perhaps of both. Both, Elsa decided. Yes, Anna would have told of him both.\
"And this\'85person\'85wants you to meet them?" Agdar asked.\
"Yes."\
"Will you go?"\
"Yes," Elsa said, never so sure of anything in her life. She almost laughed, really, that Agdar even needed to ask. "If you were able, you would go too. I promise you, I 
\i will 
\i0 get Anna back."\
At length, Agdar nodded.\
"Then I will endeavor to control the situation here," Agdar said. Raising his hand in salute, placing his sword over his heart, he gave her a formal bow. It was all he could do now. His voice and composure broke when he added, quietly, "Please, Elsa. Bring her back."\
Elsa departed.\
Alek didn't try to stop her this time.\
Most men had the sense to let her pass, seeing just who approached and blanching, letting their weapons fall and making way for the force of nature which bore down upon them. Some of them were brave enough, or stupid enough, to stand in her way, and these were cut down without mercy, without thought. Nothing could stand in her way. No barricade, no door, no man or woman could stop her now. She stormed into the castle which had once been her domain.\
She knew all these halls and corridors, could traverse them blind, but this place had never been home. It had been a larger prison, the prison for her body, while her mind had been trapped behind different walls. Her own furious denial had always been the real cage. Elsa walked inside the castle once again now, free, and imbued with a driving sense of purpose. Once again she made the trip up to the balcony, where Anna had once confessed her love. Elsa continued on, circling around to where the tower stood.\
It was not long ago when she had last been here.\
Except then, she had ascended these steps to confront another foe. Compared to that time her heart pounded against her chest, but there was no dread building in her stomach, no anger, and no hurt. Despite the urgency she felt, there was no need to hurry. There was still some time. Taking deep breaths as she walked, her magic resonated with that of the crystal staircase. It reverberated with the notes of a wind chime, the song of ice overlaying her senses with a comforting touch she had not felt for years. She was calmer than she had ever been, as she walked up the familiar staircase this one last time.\
Elsa pushed open the doors, and stepped into the open air at the top of the castle.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "It's good to see you again."\
Hans had wheeled his way into the stables. He could hear the battle taking place elsewhere in the castle, and yet he found himself unable to find the effort to care, or to even care about not caring. Apathy was nothing to be admired, but he simply had his concentration elsewhere.\
Sitron whinnied in greeting, and Hans realized he had not visited in quite some time. Not since his accident, actually, despite whatever promises he had made to Kristoff about doing so. Sitron trotted ahead and bent, gesturing with his head towards Hans' legs.\
"It won't ever get better," Hans said.\
Not for lack of trying. Even after Saul made it clear he would never again walk unassisted, Hans had spent many nights attempting to push past the limits of his body; forcing himself out of his wheelchair, propping himself up with crutches that Oliver fashioned for him. With crutches and painstaking practice, he managed a few steps. It had been a glorious moment. When the excitement of the moment swelled, he allowed himself to believe, and he let go of his crutches.\
Hans had crumpled immediately.\
Of course he had known he would fall. It was his own body, and he knew better than anyone that his legs were beyond repair, that they would never be able to bear his weight, but the cold proof had nearly broken him all over again.\
"I'm sorry I haven't been to see you," Hans said, patting Sitron's neck while the horse stared balefully. "I suppose I was jealous. After all, you can still walk, and I am confined to this\'85thing."\
A cannon shot bellowed through the castle grounds, almost enough to shake the stable. Perhaps one of the cannons had malfunctioned and exploded. Hans was sure they were not meant to be quite so loud. Sitron perked up at the noise, head turning to and fro in search of the disturbance, but he was well-trained enough not to bolt. Hans patted him again, murmuring words of comfort, but they did little to calm him. Instead, Sitron began pacing back and forth, tail swishing with every turn.\
"Are you trying to tell me something?" Hans asked.\
Sitron walked up and nudged his legs, then jerked his head toward the doors.\
"I want to fight too, but I cannot walk anymore. I'm not the man I used to be, Sitron. I'm helpless now. If I go out there, I might die." Hans smiled when Sitron knelt down beside him, folding his legs underneath him so that he fell at just the right height. "Which is why I'm here to ask you to be my legs."\
He was afraid. Of course he was afraid. Death would never be something that he welcomed again, not after coming so close, and really, what sane person didn't fear death? But that didn't mean he would let the fear cripple him. His body might be limited, but he refused to let his mind be caged too. Had he debated going to battle? Yes. Even up to this moment, he had tried to convince himself otherwise.\
But then again, he had brought his sword with him.\
Hans clambered up Sitron's back, and he had never felt so strong.\
"Go."\
Sword drawn in his right hand and reins held in his left, Hans sped towards the battlefield.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa shielded her eyes from the blizzard.\
Because the previous battle had cleaved the walls apart, the dome was missing and left the tower as little more than a vast circular platform. There was no shelter from the wind and the cold. Rimming the tower circumference was the smallest of balustrades, from which was hung the banners proclaiming the rule of the new queen; but they did little to stop the snowstorm. It howled across the skies, sweeping thick flurries of ice and snow into twisting, spiraling currents. Up here, there was nothing but white.\
High above the rest of the world, all else became unimportant. Nothing could be seen of the kingdom below, save an unvaried map; and the sounds of battle were distant, muted. From the moment she walked through the doors, she may as well have stepped into another world. All her thoughts now were on the person for whom she had come. She could, for the first time, put all else aside. Nothing else mattered now. All that remained was the two of them.\
And there she was.\
Anna.\
She stood at the other end of the tower circumference, looking out over the battlements, where the Mirror hovered and spun soundlessly. It did not reflect her own face \'97 Elsa was the one upon its surface. Anna traced the lines of her face, hand brushing over the expanse of her cheek, fingers tracing the contour of her jaw. Elsa could only see her back from where she stood. Her hair had been bleached of color and was now white as snow, save for rare strands of red which resembled streaks of blood. There was a terrible beauty about her person, clad in shining armor and her cape flowing freely in the frigid winds. And when she 
\i turned
\i0 \'85\
"Hello, Elsa," Anna said, and her lips parted into a small smile.\
It was a horrible thing. Anna had always been beautiful, but the absolute power she emanated now had twisted her beauty into a cruel majesty. She was an apparition bathed in light, her head held high with the regality of not just a queen but a conqueror too. Her alabaster skin, pale and flawless, had lost the warm blush that so often adorned her cheeks, and now glowed with an unearthly luminosity befitting a divine creature. She was at once beautifully fragile, and horribly strong, so that those who laid eyes upon her would yearn to protect her and yet throw themselves at her feet. But the greatest change was her eyes. They burned molten blue, shining with a feverish intensity that was the only betrayal of madness which lurked within.\
"Edmund," Elsa greeted.\
"\'85Ahh." Anna lost her smile for the briefest instant, but one look at her face and she breathed out a small laugh. Her perfect smile returned, not deranged but not quite sane. It was a passable imitation of what had been, before, and the sight pained Elsa. "I would really prefer that you call me Anna."\
"What now?" Elsa asked.\
If Anna noticed that she had not agreed to her request, she did not comment. Instead, she stepped forward. "I guess that depends on you. We could just sit and wait for the inevitable end. It should be soon. Or," Anna said, her voice trembling with excitement, "We could do battle."\
"Or we could talk."\
"Is that your grand plan, then, to get through to me, to somehow wake\'85Anna?" She shook her head, breathing out a throaty chuckle. "I should correct you now. I'm sorry to disappoint you, but you are 
\i already 
\i0 speaking to Anna. Anna has not been entirely banished from this body. 
\i I
\i0  am Anna."\
"I know," Elsa said, and Anna cocked her head. "I admit that some portion of Anna remains. Twisted, maybe, but I can sense her there. Except\'85I don't mean to talk to Anna. I came here to talk to Edmund."\
Anna stilled, and even her smile seemed petrified. For a moment she said nothing, until her features relaxed and her expression softened. She looked terribly, terribly hurt. "I don't want to talk about him. Please, Elsa. We are finally alone, just the two of us. We should focus on us."\
"\'85In just a minute."\
Before Anna could say anything more, Elsa crossed over to the edge of the platform. Anna turned ever so slightly to follow her movement. Bending over the balustrade, Elsa began gathering the long banner from which Markus was hung.\
"What are you doing?" Anna asked.\
Elsa pulled Markus' body up to the top of the tower and undid the banner looped around his torso. Pale and frozen, he looked much more reduced than he ever had in life. There was nothing to be done about the horrific damage inflicted on his throat. But his face was calm. With his eyes partly open and his mouth half-open, he looked only frozen in thought, peaceful as he had never been. Elsa lay him down at the edge and closed his eyes, then stepped back.\
"Why?" Anna asked again, all the emotion stripped from her voice, while Elsa knelt and bowed, touching her forehead to the floor three times. "After everything that he did to you, still...?"\
"But he raised me," Elsa said. She stood, and gestured from Anna to Markus. "Could you do the honors?"\
"If you say so."\
Anna waved her hand, and Markus' body erupted into black flames. It only took seconds for him to burn into ashes, and for the ashes to burn into dust, before finally even that was carried away by the wind.\
"Are you satisfied?" Anna asked.\
"Yes," Elsa said.\
"What now?"\
"Shouldn't you be the one telling me?" Elsa nodded towards the Mirror, which still rotated in place behind Anna and hummed with every revolution. "I still don't know what you plan to do with that."\
"Oh!" Anna blinked, jerking back with such surprise that her hair fell out of place. She ducked her head and tucked the stray strand behind her ear again. "Sorry, I forgot to mention."\
"It's all right."\
"Well," Anna said, smiling again, "I bet you must have felt the cold already while you were coming here. Even the two of us are going to be caught up in this spell. Do you want to take a guess?"\
"Not particularly."\
Anna snorted as though she had said something particularly funny, and turned to where the Mirror hovered. Drawing the emitted light into her hand, she began writing letters in the air with her fingers. Despite the childish delight she seemed to find in her newfound sport, these were not the works of an amateur. Anna drew beautiful calligraphic characters with a skill betraying years of practice.\
"What do you think is our purpose on this earth?" Anna asked.\
"We don't have one," Elsa said.\
"Almost. Nothingness," Anna said. "I fought against the idea for a very long time, I thought I could find some meaning. But, I failed. Only one constant existed, and that was pain. Every minute spent on this earth hurls us closer to our destruction, and the path is riddled with pain\'85I could not understand. Why were we subjected to the horror of purposeless existence? Knowing that truth, I became afraid, and I despaired, I raged. And I realized. Nothingness 
\i is 
\i0 our purpose. It is the perfection that our world should strive towards. Morality has no meaning. Life has no meaning. Nothing has meaning. I accept that our fate is nothingness, and I am so 
\i liberated 
\i0 now."\
Elsa stayed silent when Anna bowed her head. Her hands fell to cup her face instead, and her entire body shook until the pieces of her armor rattled. It was only when she heard a strangled breath that Elsa realized Anna was 
\i crying
\i0 , choking back sobs as she continued to speak.\
"It was because of 
\i you 
\i0 that I feel pain, suffering, joy. It was 
\i you 
\i0 who taught me this lesson, and 
\i you 
\i0 who enlightened me. Both of us have suffered\'85writhed in pain\'85!" Anna spun around, revealing the glowing eyes and flawless face shining with tears, but all the while she sobbed, her face split into a wide smile. "So I will share with you my newfound purpose, because I love you so much, Elsa. Isn't that what love means, to share in our pain? It is through suffering that we'll be able to understand our love."\
"Edmund\'97"\
"Through suffering, I have learned truth. Through truth, I am set free. Only by returning to nothingness can we achieve perfection! No more life, and no more death. No more struggle for purpose. I will freeze the 
\i entire world 
\i0 and I will freeze 
\i time
\i0 , I will end our pretense! All things will be in equilibrium as they were meant to be, perfect, eternal and untouched by the ravaging of time! And the two of us\'85will be together forever, bound, heart, mind, and soul. As we were always meant to be, Elsa."\
Anna looked up to the sky with an expression of rapture, and gasped a breath of exultation.\
"Edmund," Elsa said again.\
Slowly, Anna looked down. She wiped away the tears frozen on her face.\
"Please, Elsa. Stop calling me that," Anna said. "How long are you going to deny me? It hurts. It hurts that you can deny me. Do you not love me anymore? I thought that was why you came. Do you remember that you used to love me? Do you\'85still love me?"\
She looked so much like Anna.\
"Yes," Elsa admitted.\
"\'85We could have that again."\
Anna spoke differently now. Not the impassioned fervor from before, but a throaty, breathy quality Elsa had never heard in her voice before. She heard\'85desire. So wild and so 
\i raw
\i0  that it burned. Anna stalked closer and Elsa wanted to move away, but she was paralyzed. Her limbs were leaden when Anna approached, and she did nothing when a cold hand cupped her cheek.\
"Haven't you come here because love urged you toward me? And I brought you here, because I love you too \'97 I told you before that I could be your heart, and I 
\i do 
\i0 hold your heart now\'85almost. We are so 
\i close 
\i0 to becoming one, Elsa. You just need to abandon thought\'85drop your defenses\'85and let me take you completely. In your mind\'85you have already succumbed to me. You have already decided."\
Anna leaned in and pressed her lips against hers.\
It was sweet seduction to hear this temptation.\
Elsa was defenseless and silent, this moment when words ran dry. Anna sighed in contentment through their kiss, and Elsa really 
\i did 
\i0 want to give in. She would have wanted this, once. She would have wanted to be overtaken by Anna. But...she could not imagine the sweetness and warmth of the Anna she had known, not from this thing that tasted of ice and iron.\
Elsa pushed her away, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.\
"You misunderstand me," Elsa said, and all the humor vanished from Anna's face. "I love Anna, and not whatever monstrosity you have managed to twist her into."\
"Who\'85do you keep talking to, instead of me?"\
Anna sounded genuinely confused. Not just confused, but angry, 
\i hurt
\i0 , and Elsa realized the truth. It was not any play meant to confuse her, not some ploy to manipulate her with the face of the woman she loved. Elsa finally realized, feeling dread plummet in her stomach, that this Anna was not an act.\
"...Anna isn't just a shell against the pain. Is she, Edmund? She's what you are busily becoming. You really\'85?" Elsa shook her head, feeling ever more pity. "You really think you are Anna."\
"I am," Anna said, and then again, loudly, "I am!"\
"All those twisted ideas, then, Edmund\'97"\
"You agreed with me."\
"I agreed that we don't have any purpose\'85but because 
\i purpose 
\i0 has never been something we needed." Elsa smiled when Anna widened her eyes furiously. "And you understand that. Only you desperately needed something to hold onto, and when you couldn't find one\'85you threw everything away."\
"Even our heart can be discarded," Anna said. "It should be obvious. Our human condition is failure. Only by surrendering to the escape of oblivion are we free."\
"No," Elsa said. "I refuse to surrender because there will 
\i always 
\i0 be life. Take away the need for purpose, and even in the nothingness that you think remains, there will 
\i still 
\i0 be life. Even if there is nothing to be found, there will still be the search. Maybe, knowing that the cage exists\'85knowing that there is no purpose\'85that is our freedom. And maybe, just maybe\'85we can find something for ourselves, because we will never need to be dictated by some purpose."\
"Elsa\'85"\
"And you were wrong about the heart," Elsa continued. "It's the wrong choice to discard the heart, to try and throw away your identity. Edmund. You can try to become Anna. I know I wanted the same\'85but both of us are going to fail just the same in that regard. And that\'85isn't such a bad thing."\
Anna opened her mouth, soundlessly, and she closed it again without speaking.\
"I'm going to save Anna. And I'm also going to save you, Edmund."\
"Edmund is dead," Anna murmured, but the conviction she had once carried was gone. She might have still been trying to convince Elsa; but she spoke so softly that she might as well have been talking to herself only. "Edmund is dead and gone, because there is nothing worth keeping of him."\
Elsa said nothing.\
"It's too late anyhow," Anna said. When she smiled there was a spasm of something like resignation, or amusement, or both; and then she hardened her face, and the Mirror shined ever brighter. "Within me lies the embodiment of perfection\'85the heart of Elsa, the mind of Edmund\'85and the soul of Anna. What power do you have to stop this winter, to stop me?"\
"I'm not leaving without Anna," Elsa said.\
"No more words between us, then." Anna lifted her hand, and the Mirror floated away from the battle that would soon ensue. Her lips turned into the same smile, too wide, too full, the smile that was neither Anna nor Edmund, but both. "I'll finally set you free. Come on, Elsa. Let's share our love\'85our pain."\
And so they began.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Chapter 50: At the End of the World
\b0 \
Hans did not know the name of the man he killed.\
All he knew was that the man fought valiantly, even against the prince that he should have, by all rights, served. There had been a moment when their eyes met and Hans saw the fear there, and also the rage and the bloodlust which overtook all men in battle; but past that, Hans was certain he had been a good man. When the moment passed, the man was dead. Hans felt no regret. Good man he might have been, but they were on different sides. Even though he might have thought he was serving his country, the Southern Isles had long since fallen into darkness. Hans 
\i knew 
\i0 this was the right thing to do.\
He did not know the name of the next man, and simply opened his abdomen. Another took his place immediately, and he died too, after one short stroke of his blade. Hans did not know his name, or that of the next, and as they kept coming, even their faces blended together into the same hardened visage. There was no more room for thought. Parry, and thrust. Parry, and slash. Parry, and cut. Only he could maim. Only he could kill. None of the other blades could reach him. One slipup, and this would be over.\
Protect Sitron.\
Sitron could not fall, because Hans could not fall.\
If he fell, he would not get up again.\
"Where is Oliver now?" Hans yelled, once he spotted Agdar amidst the battle. Battered and bruised, but, even grounded now that his horse was felled, the Arendellian held his own.\
"Safe!" Agdar deflected the points of a slew of pikes skewering for his face, snatching the poles and wrenching them away from the grasp of enemy soldiers. "I moved him away!"\
Good. If they survived this day, Oliver would be needed to help run the kingdom. Hans wasted no more of his breath on words, ducking down for safety as Sitron bore them away. He turned his head to the side and spat out a mouthful of blood. Nothing debilitating. Someone had struck him earlier with the flat of a halberd, but nothing broke; Hans had only bit his tongue, and the bleeding would not stop.\
Sitron crashed into another rank of soldiers, his armored bulk sufficient to slam against barricades and prevail. Without prompting, the horse spun and kicked out with his hind feet, crushing one man's breastplate and collapsing his chest entirely. Hans took care of the others, cleaving through the weak joints in their armor to sever heads and limbs. Blood spurted from the stumps, and Hans was vaguely glad he took the time to armor Sitron. Wonderful protection against blades, but also blood. Washing it out of his hair would have been a nightmare. Hans winced, though, when Sitron trampled the screaming soldiers underfoot. Cleaning his hooves would be an ordeal anyway.\
Hans was interrupted by the sound of thundering hooves, and he immediately turned his head. No other horsemen had been on the battlefield for some time now, and he wondered who could be\'97\
Alek.\
Hans ducked only on instinct when Alek raced past, sword swinging for his head, passing so close he heard the whistle of the blade. Another second and he would have been scalped, but there was no sense of fear or relief past his shock. He hardly dared to believe his eyes. He wanted to look away, but the mesmeric sight captured him as much as it horrified. Alek scowled at him from across the field, features drawn as tight as stretched wire, and the expression was familiar \'97 and also not. Even if he always looked irritated, Alek never portrayed such flagrant malevolence.\
"Alek!" Hans called, but there was no hint of recognition in his hazed eyes. Alek kicked his horse into a gallop, charging straight for him, and Hans had no choice but to do the same. "What happened\'97!"\
Anna had frozen him, Hans knew that much, and the statue moved elsewhere. What was Alek doing here? Had Anna set him loose? But then, he should not have been driven into this madness\'85\
Dread iced in his veins when Hans realized Alek was driving his horse towards a head-on collision, and he had no intention of stopping. Even if his horse were not larger than Sitron \'97 which the nightmarish beast was, pure black, and hulking over any horse he had ever seen \'97 Hans could not afford to be struck. He veered out of the way, forcing Sitron to overcompensate to keep his balance. Alek capitalized. With one short, compact stroke, he gashed deep into his upper arm.\
They rode past one another once again, but this time, Hans clamped his free hand over the wound. It had taken every bit of effort to hold onto his sword, and even now, the numbness overtaking his right arm almost forced him to open his hand. Hans clenched his fist around the handle, his grip slippery with blood, and the strain only made the gash flare with agony \'97 but he could not relent. He turned Sitron around, and saw that Alek had done the same. Another exchange here\'85would not end in his favor.\
"Sitron," Hans murmured, pulling on the reins. Sitron responded by breaking into a dead sprint further inward, toward the castle. Every thud as his hooves impacted the ground seemed to ignite the wound in Hans' arm, splitting the flesh again and again.\
Past his watering eyes, Hans looked back to see Alek pursuing. Hans directed his gaze ahead, deflecting the occasional stray slash, but the sight of two charging horses gave even the bravest warrior pause. He passed the ranks of soldiers without incident, though he heard them dying behind him; Alek eviscerated anyone in his way, even the soldiers who fought for the Southern Isles. Well, Hans thought grimly, now he knew what it was like to be hunted.\
Hans burst through the main doors and stormed into the empty halls of the castle.\
As he took position at one end of the ruined Great Hall, he could not help but mourn the castle. Already weakened and once again shaken by battle, the infrastructure had all but collapsed, leaving dust and rubble to litter the once pristine halls. Marble floors had been upturned, leaving the floors marked with deep schisms. Stone walls had been shattered, leaving great boulders to form a veritable labyrinth.\
"We might have time to rebuild," Hans said, while Sitron snorted. In agreement or derision, he could not tell. Perhaps both, Hans thought, and he smiled.\
Alek raced into the castle soon enough.\
Here, where there was less space to maneuver, Alek was at a disadvantage. Sitron might be agile enough to traverse the wreckage, but Alek's horse was too bulky. His dark beast snarled and yipped, teeth clamping around the air as though he could reach Sitron from across the hall, but Alek himself possessed a quieter fury. Sword practically shattered, the edge chipped and jagged from abuse, Alek tossed the blade aside and drew another with a slow, deliberate motion.\
"Why?" Hans asked.\
"\'85Protect\'85Anna," Alek murmured. "I will\'85protect Anna\'85from anyone."\
Alek twitched, his face finally showing some semblance of emotion as a spasm shook his body. Even that passed in the next moment, overwritten by an impassive expression. Hans recognized this. Having been put under this spell, he would recognize this anywhere. It was the Sorcerer. Meaning\'85he must have put Anna under his influence too. Past the horror, it was somewhat gratifying to be proven right.\
"We broke out of this once," Hans said. "We can do it again."\
Alek raised his sword, and Hans did the same, while their horses scraped the ground with their hooves.\
And then they charged.\
Hans kept his eyes trained on Alek as the distance closed between them. Whenever Sitron veered, the darker horse would persistently mirror his movement. So Alek was 
\i still 
\i0 determined to simply crash into him. Hans pulled Sitron back to a direct path, bending his body forward and watching, waiting, holding his breath as every second brought them closer to a collision. Sitron flicked his ear upward, worried, but Hans murmured for him to wait, and the horse obeyed.\
Twenty feet\'85fifteen feet\'85ten\'85five\'85\
Hans 
\i yanked 
\i0 on the reins. Sitron leapt to the side, dodging the dark warhorse \'97 Alek swung anyway, his sword cutting through nothing \'97 and Hans flung himself out of the saddle the instant his blow arced away. His momentum sent him crashing into Alek, and tossed them both to the ground.\
It hurt when the stones dug into his back, but the worst pain was the fear from knowing he was immobile. Hans grappled with Alek as they rolled amidst the jagged boulders, hands fumbling for purchase, Alek kicking with all his might. An armored boot struck Hans on the shin, crushing his greaves and snapping the bone, and he retaliated by punching Alek across the jaw with all his strength, feeling the bone give way with a crack. While Alek was still stunned, Hans seized him from behind and rolled, holding him back with an arm around his neck. All Hans could hope for was that Alek would faint.\
Instead Alek snarled and flung an elbow into his gut, so strongly that Hans choked out blood and bile. Another blow, followed by another that sent black spots spiraling into his vision, but Hans held on with the last shreds of his will \'97 until Alek threw his head back, smashing into his nose.\
It broke. Hans let go when his entire skull snapped back, thudding against the ground. Stones might have cut into his head, but he could not feel them. He could not feel much of anything anymore. Faintly, he noticed that Alek was rising to his feet and drawing his sword, preparing to plunge it down. Hans could not feel his fingers. Oh, no, there they were. He inched his hand just an inch to the side, just to see if he could. Yes, he could. And he touched something \'97 something cold \'97 metal.\
Hans tightened his grip and stabbed upwards, while Alek stabbed down.\
He held the chipped sword Alek had discarded.\
It pierced his gut, just as the other blade pierced Hans in the same spot.\
Alek uttered a gasp as the sword impaled him, and his hand shot down to clench around the blade. Hans bit back a scream, but he, too, held onto the other blade when he felt Alek trying to pull away.\
"Please, Alek," Hans breathed. "Wake up\'85!"\
"I have to\'85protect\'85Anna!"\
Now Alek dropped his own blade, and both his hands were around the one driven into his stomach. With an enormous heave, screaming with primal fury, he managed to pull himself away by an inch. Slowly, even as Hans applied pressure from the other end, Alek pushed back on the sword. Inch by inch, he slid off the slickened metal.\
"You 
\i know 
\i0 that thing is not Anna," Hans said, but Alek only shook his head. "Look at me! Look at me \'97 I'm Hans. I know that Anna is important \'97 I care just as much as you do, Alek! But\'85we\'85are\'85brothers. Please, recognize me. You are the only one who ever has, so\'85please\'85just please\'85see me again."\
Hans had no more strength. He let his arm fall to the ground. Alek pulled away at last, the momentum sending him stumbling back several feet. As soon as he freed himself, blood gushed out of the puncture, but he paled not because of the wound.\
His eyes had lost their feverish glow.\
"\'85Hans?" Alek murmured.\
Even after everything, Hans broke into a smile.\
And that was when the ceiling collapsed.\
Perhaps a stray cannon shot had hit the castle, or perhaps, up above, the battle between the two transcendent beings raged too strongly. With one earth-shattering tremor that shook the foundations of the castle, the ceiling cracked apart. Everything of the upper floors fell upon them, throwing up billows of dust and filth. Furniture, adornments, everything crashed all around him while Hans lay helpless, and he could do nothing but shield himself with his arms. Distantly, he heard Alek shout. When he heard the warning, he looked up and saw a flat slab of stone descending upon him, two meters across and a foot thick. Hans closed his eyes, ready now that he knew he had saved Alek.\
When he heard the sound of impact and yet felt nothing, he opened his eyes again.\
Alek was bracing the boulder with his back, crouched on one knee as he stared down at Hans. Despite the strain, the veins bulging in his neck, he still managed to smile.\
"Not like last time," Alek said, grinning even as his knee buckled and he fell onto both. "I got here on time. I will not \'97 let you \'97 get hurt again."\
Roaring, Alek threw off the boulder and shielded Hans with his own body, bending over him as the rubble fell around them. It seemed to be an eternity. Hans could do nothing except apologize, for his weakness and his arrogance, but Alek never said anything and only kept up his smile. Every second that ticked away felt like a lifetime trapped in this living hell, this storm of grey and the tide of rushing rock.\
Yet like all things, this, too, passed, and the dust settled around them.\
Hans broke into a coughing fit as his body expelled the dust clogged in his lungs. Alek was collapsed atop him, eyes closed and motionless\'85\
\'85but he was breathing.\
Good. Just\'85good. Not for any other particular reason.\
Hans let his head fall back and closed his eyes, smiling.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Lightning blasted through the wind.\

\i Why did this happen\'85?
\i0 \
Anna flung wicked arcs of lightning with every movement, the wild glee in her eyes reflecting the bright light that seared past again and again. She never once stopped moving, so Elsa could not. She was forced to keep on her feet, always flying at top speed with every ounce of her magic at her heels. Even then, she relied on her automatic defense to hold back the lightning \'97 for a precious fraction of a second before the wall of ice burned and shattered, each fragment of crystal gleaming like flickering lodestars.\

\i Why are we fighting\'85?
\i0 \
"Don't just run," Anna said, licking her lips. With each word, another torrent of lightning ripped from her fingertips. "I want us to hurt each other some more. I want our blood to run together onto these stones. Right here, I want a taste of the real you."\
There was no more time for hesitation. She had to act. Elsa spun on her heel and stood her ground, hands outstretched to catch the rushing fury of magic.\
Anna broke into wild whoops of laughter as the lightning collided.\
Her hands were burning. Fire raced over her skin. Elsa clenched her teeth to keep from screaming, but she kept her hands clenched around the storm of electricity. For that moment, she found herself the helpless child burned by the fire of a furnace once more. She could not move. She was locked into place while Anna stood at the other end, lightning raging all about them as they pushed toward each other in the eye of the storm. It was a hopeless effort. Elsa looked up, feeling that she would soon be torn apart, and saw Anna smiling as she funneled more and more lightning.\
She could not win.\
Not like this.\
Elsa dragged her left arm back, fighting against the pull of the electricity clinging greedily to her skin. She forced open her right hand, fingers uncurling one at a time, so that the lightning now struck her palm \'97 and she stopped fighting. She let the lightning flow through her body, siphoning that enormous energy, feeling it race up her arm with explosive force. It was terrifyingly powerful, almost intoxicating; but still hers, then and now. Elsa thrust her left hand forward and 
\i pushed 
\i0 the lightning out again.\
It struck Anna dead in the chest.\
Instantly, the storm extinguished. Anna was picked up off her feet and thrown away. She struck the ground, hard, and rolled helplessly. Stopping at the edge, Anna lay there spread-eagled, head tilted back and limbs bent at unnatural angles. She did not speak. She made no sound. But once Elsa began to hope this was the end \'97 Anna laughed. She propped herself up on one arm, bones straightening with hideous pops and cracks, and the cuts on her face and lip closed. Once her finger wiped away the blood on her face, she could have never been injured at all.\
"Isn't this\'85just the best, Elsa? To think that you could really hurt me like this!" Anna breathed out a throaty chuckle. "You're happy too, right? Hurting together with the one you love most?"\
"What you feel right now is the furthest thing from love."\
"Let me prove it to you, then."\
Anna traced a vicious arc across the air with her arm, and lightning came rushing at her once more. Elsa knew how to deal with the lightning now, powerful though it was, and her hand rose to meet it and absorb the magic. In an instant the crackling energy phased out, and her palm glowed white, showing the reflection of a storm that no longer existed. Then her hand slashed downward and the lightning was redirected, knocking Anna backwards\'85but she stayed on her feet.\
She shouted 
\i something 
\i0 as she counterattacked, but Elsa could not hear her over the shrill screech of electricity. Both of them were hurling lightning as fast as they could. They seized the other's magic and flung that back as well, volleying the electricity between them so it grew stronger and stronger, and the magic finally built to a crescendo. It lost all form. There was no longer lightning but pure magic, pure white, so intense that Elsa could barely tolerate being in its presence, let alone hope to 
\i use
\i0  it.\
The Southern Isles trembled beneath them.\
"Beautiful\'85" Anna murmured, but her voice rose and she said again, shouting, "Elsa, I feel alive again!"\
But Elsa was at her limit, and she knew better than to engage in a direct contest of strength.\
She broke off the exchange of magic and ensconced herself behind the strongest barriers she could manage. Just in time. All at once, the immeasurable magic collapsed. Standing there at the epicenter of the blast was like witnessing the death of a star, white fire, soundless energy. Elsa continuously repaired her barriers, pushing every ounce of her power into maintaining a small protection from what was certain death. Even then, her ice was obliterated as quickly as its creation. Even behind the layers and layers of walls, Elsa was blinded by the flash of white that threatened to consume all her senses.\
It faded, though, slowly. It was like the world being created again when sensation returned.\
Elsa let down the wall, and Anna was there.\
Lightning again, pouring from her hands as they slashed the air without rhyme or reason. Elsa dodged all the stray bolts, feeling the heat of some fan across her face, noting that others struck far from where she stood. She stayed one step ahead of Anna, retreating until she could regain her balance. There were holes everywhere in Anna's defense. Now Elsa weaved through the lightning, taking slow but deliberate steps into the electrical storm, and at last she dropped all pretenses, and charged. Anna was in the midst of another attack when Elsa reached out, and seized her wrist.\
There was a bright flash of light as the magic in Anna's hand erupted, and for the first time since the battle began, Anna shouted in pain. She recoiled, and Elsa let go of her wrist \'97 Anna stumbled backwards, distracted enough that she did not notice, did not react, when Elsa flung her hand forward.\
Ice tore into her side, slicing through her armor and releasing a spray of blood.\

\i Keep attacking.
\i0 \

\i Don't stop to think, or you'll hesitate.
\i0 \
Like that, the flow of the battle changed. Elsa was no longer the one pushed back, the one forced to defend. Elsa whipped her hand and Anna was once again too slow. Ice cut into her again, spilling dark blood from her upper arm. She shrieked in pain and lashed out reflexively; Elsa redirected the lightning without a thought. Another attempt. Elsa closed her hand around her wrist and forced more magic into the budding spell. Once again the lightning erupted, more violently this time, and Anna pushed her back with a furious yell. Elsa's feet left the ground and she crashed against the tower, but she was fine.\
Anna looked crazed. An entire corner of her face was awash with blood and hair had been scattered, more of the white now draped with red. Her armor had been burned and blackened, scored deeply so that there was nothing left of the pristine image of before. Even her cape had fluttered away. Anna was panting, and when she wiped the blood from her face, more trickled down.\
"Why\'85?" Anna murmured.\
"You are more powerful than me now\'85but you will lose."\
Anna looked at her with wide, uncomprehending eyes.\
"Edmund would have won against me," Elsa said.\
She could see that Anna still did not understand. How strange it was, to be on the other side of this dynamic! Anna thought she could not lose, because she had a greater portion of her heart. She was powerful but she fought with brute force, always using the same violent, shortsighted attacks as though she could simply overwhelm her with power alone. Except\'85Elsa had a lifetime of experience fighting the exact same way, and the memory of someone countering her perfectly.\
Anna bared her teeth and fired another bolt of electricity.\
Elsa plunged her hands into the lightning, and launched it back.\
Anna gasped once when she was struck, as she was carried through the air by the impact. It seemed to take an eternity for her to fall. Her limbs slackened like broken wings, and for a moment she hung in space, suspended, as though gravity itself could not impinge on her majesty. But the moment passed. With a crash louder than any lightning or thunderclap, Anna crashed to the ground.\
"It's over now," Elsa murmured.\
And that was when the Mirror glowed.\
Elsa had forgotten about it until now. Its surface glowed with luminosity befitting the moon. A column of pale white light burst forth and pierced high into the heavens until, with an earth-shattering roar that would echo through the world, the light radiated outwards in all directions. All the rays of light stretched on and on, blanketing all under its perfect illumination. Such force emanated from the Mirror that the entire earth seemed to shake. An unbearable cold descended where the light touched, chilling even Elsa to the bone, past the bone and past the confines of her body. She felt this cold seize her soul.\
"You didn't notice," Anna said.\
Elsa whipped her head towards her fallen form. Anna was still lying there, but she had her eyes covered behind one hand as she laughed quietly, body shaking with barely suppressed mirth.\
Sometime during their battle, the snowstorm had ceased.\
Not only that, but the snowflakes hung suspended in midair as though even the storm was frozen. Gases had condensed, filling the air with viscous globes of liquid. Bits of stone had broken off the tower and were now simply hanging there, crackling with electricity that never seemed to diminish. All the laws of nature were being warped because of this terrible cold.\
"What's happening?" Elsa asked.\
"Eternal winter\'85and oblivion."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Hans shifted.\
Even that was torturous, but not because of any pain in his body. Actually, he could not feel much of anything at all. His arms and legs tingled as though they were asleep. Strangely, there was silence. Had the battle ended? But he could hear nothing at all. Not silence but absolute quiet, because even in silence, there should have been something. Even the deaf could feel vibrations, but here, and now, there was nothing. Hans barely even felt his own existence. He could not speak any words, hear any sounds, or smell any smells.\
But he felt some movement that he realized was the turning of the earth. It was the world rotating on its axis, travelling its inexorable course around the sun. It was a buoy not unlike floating on the waters of the ocean, caught in the ebb and flow of the tides. Perhaps they were, all of them, swept in the swell of the waves, pulled by the tug of the moon. What were they but insignificant creatures in the face of this supreme celestial power?\
It was a terrifying sensation, to be so reduced.\
Hans pushed himself upright, lost all sensation in his limbs, and when he looked outside to what had once been a raging battle, he witnessed the impending end.\
All the people had been frozen.\
It was a mausoleum of crystal statues. Morbidly beautiful, perhaps, the way the last rays of light reflected off their surface and fell again in a shower of colors. For one moment, Hans wanted to believe these were merely statues, they had never been people, but there was a realism here that not even Elsa or Anna could have imitated. Not one person had been spared, whether young or old, man or woman. All of them were trapped within a prison of ice, mouths agape with horror as they no doubt realized their last moments. Were they 
\i still 
\i0 aware? Hopefully not. Hopefully\'85\
What hope was there?\
And this would spread.\
Radiate outwards from the Southern Isles, until the entire world fell into this unending purgatory.\
Now, Hans too began to feel the insidious cold overtaking his senses. It was a surreal horror to feel the sensation of the world fading around him. Ice trickled through his veins, not painfully cold but persistent, freezing his blood, agony and loneliness and resignation all at once. His mind was slowing, too. Fog fell over his thoughts, and bit by bit, his memories fell away to nothingness.\
Mamma died her second death, forgotten.\
Anna passed into a distant corner of his mind, bright but faceless.\
Alek faded, too, lost forever in the thickening fog.\
When Hans looked at the unconscious body beside him, he could not recognize that face, and he could not remember a name. Try as he might, he could not remember him. Should he know that face? Hans felt like he should, but\'85nothing. And he was so tired. His eyelids fell, slowly.\
Until what remained of the world darkened, swallowed into the abyss of eternal sleep.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 She was witnessing the end of the world.\
Elsa wanted to laugh, or maybe to cry, that Anna would be the one to put an end to the world. Anna, who had believed in faith and compassion, who had been nothing but good and kind, who had always seen the best in others. Now, Anna would end everything. She did not deserve to be used for something so heinous. She did not deserve any of this madness. To see the face of the woman she loved swallowed by an utter abyss of despair and hope, Elsa wanted only the gift to bear this alone.\
"Please, Edmund. Stop this," Elsa said.\
"You'll be my desire for the rest of eternity," Anna said, as though Elsa had not spoken. She rose to her feet with a languid motion, grinning, head lolling back like a discarded puppet. "We might even survive this cold, the two of us. If you won't give yourself to me, we will be two immortals, locked in the loving embrace of battle for the rest of time."\
"It won't come to that."\
"Strong words!" Anna giggled and clapped her hands. "Are you maybe\'85underestimating me? But you were right, I was fighting too sloppily. I'm sorry I disappointed you. I was too excited, I forgot myself."\
"We don't have to fight," Elsa said.\
"But then\'85what else would we do?"\
It began again.\
Bounding off the ground into a powerful jump, Anna spun into a perfect butterfly kick. Her legs swung through the air, one after the other, and magic slashed down with the arc of her limbs. Not just magic, not the mindless display of lightning. What came at her now was 
\i snow
\i0 . Elsa lurched away, allowing her automatic defense to manifest. Snow struck the ice walls powerfully, but not enough to shatter them. Enough to cloud her vision. Anna landed on her feet and dashed, even before the snow had cleared. Elsa could not see, let alone react.\
Anna bent her knees and leapt, completely flipping over the wall.\
It was such an astonishing feat of acrobatics that Elsa was too stunned to even whirl around. Anna landed behind her, behind the protective wall. Nothing protected her now. Anna seized the back of her neck and slammed her face-first into her own ice wall; Elsa bit back a groan when she felt her nose crack and her lip split against the diamond-like structure, but she was still aware enough to summon stalactites that speared from the wall. Anna let go and jumped back, while Elsa wiped away the blood and drew upon her magic to heal her torn lip, and her nose straightened so she could breathe.\
But the effort taxed her badly.\
"I knew you wouldn't succumb so easily," Anna said. "If you did, I would never forgive you."\
"Will you listen to nothing that I have to say?" Elsa asked.\
"We are long past words. But then, we never needed them." Anna shook her head, snorting softly. Her laugh was a bitter thing. "Words are meaningless. Just arbitrary sounds, Elsa. What I am saying to you now, even, and everything that I ever said to you before. Meaningless. Everything\'85comes too late."\
"Anna never said anything that she didn't mean. She might not have always needed to hear those same things from me\'85but she knew their importance." Elsa smiled. Try as she might, she did pity him, the boy whose fate could have been her own. "You are talking about Gustaf. Aren't you\'85Edmund?"\
Anna lost her smile.\
"Enough with the names already."\
Anna swung her leg around again, unleashing blast after blast of ice. Elsa matched her movements, flinging her hands and launching bursts of snow. In the space between them, ice and snow collided time after time; but Anna did not stand idle. She cartwheeled out of the way and glided forward again, explosive jets of cold air propelling her movements. Ice blossomed above her palm, spiraling into a helical spear ending at a wicked point.\
Elsa dragged her hands upward, and Anna flung the spear forward.\
It struck her wall and punched out an ever-widening circular hole, drilling through an entire two feet; but the wall constricted and soon the spear stopped, melted, and was reformed into another layer of the wall of ice. Elsa barely had time to breathe before Anna caught up. Nothing complicated. She simply drew back her hand and stabbed. Anna should not have been strong enough to punch through, and she was not; Elsa watched with mingled horror and awe when the ice 
\i morphed
\i0  to allow her passage, stretching back as though it were elastic. Anna closed her hand into a fist, and lightning crashed throughout the ice until it exploded in a shower of crystals.\
Shards landed at her feet, and Elsa rolled across them to avoid the furious onslaught of lightning that now struck the space she had occupied. All at once, they stopped. Elsa looked up when a shadow passed over her eyes, and Anna was there, leaping down with an ice blade extending off her arm. She leapt aside; Anna stabbed deep into the ground, and using that as leverage, she swung herself around, kicking furiously. Elsa jerked away, but as soon as the boot was level with her face, ice speared off the end like a hidden blade and sliced deep across her cheek.\
Anna laughed.\
Blood welled from the cut, and the sting numbed part of her face; but there was no time to heal. Elsa seized Anna's leg and flung her away, snapping the blade of ice that kept her grounded. Anna let loose an exhilarated whoop as she sailed through the air, bending her knees and shifting into a controlled flip. At the apex of her flight, there appeared a platform of ice \'97 Anna landed firmly, kicked off the platform, and slammed back down. Two jagged walls of ice tore through the ground where she landed, flinging shrapnel haphazardly. Elsa dodged what she could, her hand snaking out to take control of the rest, and the jagged shards halted mid-motion. With a thought, she sent them back.\
Anna glided away, flying across the ice that flowed from her feet. Lightning began to surround her form. Even while Elsa fired off small arcs of snow, jagged bolts of electricity flickered off the web and struck them down. Elsa skid away from her trajectory, dodging her every attempt to close the distance between them. They were both moving at breakneck speeds. Elsa pushed herself to her limit, driven on by the feeling of Anna following her with a burning gaze.\
All the while, they threw bolts of magic back and forth. Anna summoned an avalanche of snow and sent it rushing forward; Elsa moved her arms in a circle, entire body twisting in tandem with the motion, and the wave redirected to her side, rolled around her back, and was sent surging at Anna again. She stamped her foot and the snow erupted upwards, toweringly tall, like an ocean that hung above their heads. Anna seemed content to be crushed together with Elsa. As the snow fell, uncontrolled, she began her mad dash again. Elsa gritted her teeth and took control of the avalanche, feeling the strain in her muscles as surely as if she were physically carrying the mountain of snow. She curved it off the edge of the tower, but it cost her time, precious time.\
Anna leapt forward and punched.\
With the slightest motion of her fingers, Elsa sent two tendrils of snow to wrap around Anna's arm and leg, dragging her down. She wasn't even slowed. Balancing on her fingertips, she flipped upright again and brought her leg crashing down into an axe-kick.\
It drove deep into Elsa's shoulder, and the bone snapped with a sickening crack.\
Elsa screamed.\
Even her collarbone had been broken. Elsa fell down to one knee, but the pain granted her a desperate strength. Lightning pushed Anna back. Whether she was truly overwhelmed or simply satisfied, Elsa did not care to think about. As soon as there was some space between them, Elsa clutched her useless left arm, trying not to think about what she would have to do.\
"Pity that you heal slower than me," Anna said, as though she could read her mind. "Now then, are you ready to give in to me, or do we need to keep\'97?"\
Elsa shoved the bone back into place.\
She could 
\i feel 
\i0 her bones scraping together. There was just no more time to wait \'97 Anna raised her eyebrows, but Elsa bit her tongue to keep from screaming again while her magic did the rest. Even now, she straightened her back and stared at Anna in defiance. She would not look away. Seeing that face \'97 the face of the woman she loved, worn like a mask and paraded like a trophy, used to laugh at her pain \'97 seeing her brought greater torment than anything done to her body; but Elsa would not look away.\
"Are you done?" Elsa asked.\
Anna looked stupefied for a moment before she brightened.\
"Let's make this more interesting."\
Anna snapped her arm out. Flames leapt into existence as she brought her 
\i third 
\i0 element into play, and this was nothing like fighting the Sorcerer or even Markus. An enormous wave of blue fire surged across the ground, fueled without substance, large enough to dwarf her completely. Elsa braced herself and leapt upwards, clasping her hands together and bringing all her magic to the point of her fingers. She slashed down with all her might, and the arc of white light pushed into the flames. It parted the wave. Two halves of blue fire passed harmlessly, and Elsa raced towards Anna before she could hope to move.\
Her form burst into shadows.\
Elsa spun around as Anna circled the circumference of the tower and then took flight, the shadowy mass streaking down again shaped as a bird of prey. It folded in its wings and corkscrewed through the air when Elsa whipped a tendril of snow for the vulnerable limbs, practically taunting her with a shrill shriek. She could do nothing to stop this. All she managed was to avoid the direct hit, as the shadow impacted the ground and blasted outwards in an explosion of flame.\
Even then, Elsa was picked up and thrown like a ragdoll, feeling the heat fan across her skin.\
She rolled on the ground and only stopped when she hit the edge with her back, feeling her breath knocked away. And worse, replaced by the fumes of the fire. Elsa coughed, spitting out a dark mixture of blood and tar and ash. Her skin had been scalded and left with angry burns, but the burns were a welcome thing. Patches of skin had been blackened entirely, completely deadened.\
"Are you satisfied now?" Anna asked. She reformed, but while the shadows stretched into the familiar form of her body, while she was still swathed in the darkness, she resembled...\
"Wraith," Elsa murmured.\
Anna stilled.\
"What did you call me?"\
"Wraith is what the trolls called people like us," Elsa said, smiling. Anna narrowed her eyes and she clarified, "People without their heart."\
"You're wrong." Anna drew a deep breath, but even from a distance, Elsa could see the corded muscles in her neck. She looked away, and hissed through clenched teeth. "I do have a heart."\
"Is that heart yours?"\
Anna did not speak.\
"I didn't think you would be willing to use shadow magic against me," Elsa continued. Her wounds were not healing. Her magic was blocked by the foul, burning touch of the shadows, but she was not concerned. "Considering that it was Markus who taught you, Edmund."\
Anna jerked her head to one side, but the motion seemed involuntary. She began pacing, but Elsa saw the odd tics running through her face, the twitching of her hands. Her mouth turned into an ugly frown.\
"I already told you to call me Anna."\
"I refuse to call you by that name," Elsa said, and Anna clenched her jaw shut. "It doesn't belong to you. You might have stolen her body and even her mind, but you do not deserve that name."\
Elsa rose, breathing deeply, heavily injured, and Anna stood there on the other end. She was practically untouched. Any injury she might have sustained earlier had healed completely, leaving only evidence on her battered armor and perhaps the dried blood at the corner of her forehead. But somehow, Elsa didn't feel like she was losing. Instead, she felt completely in control. Anna seemed to get angrier with every second that passed, so enraged she could not even speak. Elsa did not see any threat here.\
Was this how Edmund had felt when they fought so long ago?\
"I do not need you to tell me my worth," Anna said quietly.\
"No," Elsa agreed. "Only you can decide that."\
"Are you patronizing me?"\
Elsa shook her head.\
"If I were to patronize you," Elsa said, "I would become a hypocrite. But I don't think that we really are beyond words. You might think that words are meaningless, but\'85I would speak to you, if you will listen."\
"I will not," Anna said. "Anything you have to say to me, I don't care. If you still think that you can change my mind, that you can save me, then I will 
\i break 
\i0 you."\
Elsa had expected nothing less.\
She would have done the same, once.\
"Try me, then."\
Elsa held out her hand, molding her magic as she had not since her gift was turned to destruction. It was some comfort to her now. Ice flowed into the form of a sword, and Elsa held it out in challenge.\
"Fine," Anna murmured. Ice coalesced into a rapier that hovered in the air. Anna seized it in her hand, flicking its blade outward in a violent motion. "If this is what you want, Elsa, then I will kill you."\
Anna slashed viciously at the air, and arcs of lightning flew from the tip. Elsa batted them aside and closed the distance between them, slamming her blade against hers. Again and again she swung, but each time, Anna still managed to deflect it with her rapier, altering its path with the slightest, most precise touch. There was no enjoyment in her face now. She wanted this to end, too.\
"When I was at Baaj," Elsa said, "I saw your reliquary, and I saw your memories."\
Anna swung upwards, too hard, and the momentum of her swing left her wide open. Elsa dipped under her arm, reached out, and gently laid a hand on her chest.\
It went against her every instinct.\
Elsa let loose a torrent of lightning.\
Anna made a strangled noise and stumbled backwards, swinging mindlessly as though she could shake off the currents of electricity that ran through her body. At last, she doubled over and stopped, panting.\
"I'm sure you saw many things," Anna said, her voice little more than a demented snarl. She raised her head and straightened, eyes spitting her fury. "But none of them are related to me."\
"Why did you send me to Baaj, then?"\
"It was an accident," Anna said, but her hand shook, her sword rattled and scarred the ground. "I never meant to send you anywhere. I was trying to kill you."\
"It was 
\i not 
\i0 an accident," Elsa retorted. "I could not have ended up there on accident, not when the entire island has been warped by your pain! You 
\i wanted 
\i0 me there."\
"Why?" Anna demanded. "If you are so sure, then tell me. Why would I want to send you there, to that place, that \'97 that \'97 that disgusting hovel, that graveyard, that place\'97? Why would I want\'85?"\
Anna seemed beyond words. She threw herself forward again, slashing maniacally, and each time, Elsa only needed to take a careful step back to avoid the wide swings. At last, Elsa trapped their blades together and pushed, once again throwing Anna off balance.\
"Because you wanted me to see just what you had gone through," Elsa continued. "Because we are so much alike, and you wanted me to understand your suffering, to share your pain. Am I right\'85Edmund?"\
Anna said nothing.\
"I regained part of my heart because of you," Elsa said. "When I saw what happened to you, I learned about myself too. I spoke to my heart\'85I spoke to my younger self, the part of me that I had thrown away. You can do it too. We can't live our lives for other people, Edmund. We can't make ourselves into something that we are not. We have to be\'85us. Let go, Edmund. It's not such a terrible thing."\
Anna was breathing breaths too shallow, too quickly. An unfathomable rage had possessed her body, too powerful to be released. Anna clutched her chest with her free hand, looking torn between screaming and attacking, until finally she began to speak.\
"Arrogance," Anna said.\
She sounded choked and strangled. Her entire body shook. Her hand, closed around her sword, dropped the blade and clenched into a tight fist, until her nails dug into her palms and blood dripped through the cracks of her fingers. Such a wave of pure force expelled itself from her being that the air currents themselves rippled and tore. Elsa raised her arm to shield her eyes from the buffeting wind, the keening and mewling growing ever louder in her ears even as the air sliced into her skin.\
"You don't know anything!" Anna screamed.\
She jerked her head so violently that her hair unraveled and swept into a billow of silver-grey. Whatever sanity was left had vanished. Her expression twisted with an inhuman rage, the muscles and veins pulsing as black lines spidered across her face. Her skin had lost the unearthly luminosity, and took on an ashen pallor that resembled a corpse. Anna screamed and fell to her knees, hand tightening around her chest.\
"Do you think you're better than me? You're no different. You \'97 are \'97 worse! I told you before I might be a shell \'97 but you \'97 you are a puppet. Even now, you parrot the wisdom of the trolls, as though you expect me to hear your drivel and be forever changed. Do you think because you regained some small piece of your heart that you can lord your superiority over me? You are nothing. You were always nothing, and you will always be nothing! Did you 
\i really 
\i0 have any choice but to reassure that girl, promise her anything? It was only because you wanted to live. It was only because you wanted to come back here, 
\i and save Anna!
\i0 "\
Anna sprang to her feet and the rapier reappeared in her hand. Her free arm settled behind her back in a classic fencer's stance, and she pushed forward, rapier flashing bright. Her assault was blindingly fast, so fast that Elsa could barely keep up. Ice sliced into her arms, her sides, her legs. Fire flooded into her wounds, boiled her blood. Lightning ripped her skin, seared her flesh.\
But she knew her pain was nothing compared to this poor creature.\
"It's true, I love Anna," Elsa said, quietly, but she knew Anna heard, because she only redoubled her assault. "And I thought her smile had always saved me, and I want to save her now. But, Edmund\'85I never lied to my heart. It's impossible."\
"
\i What \'97 are \'97 you \'97 saying?
\i0 "\
"I love Anna, but\'85" Elsa smiled. "I don't need her to be whole. I'm not looking for her to fill the void anymore. It was never fair for either of us. I love Anna, I want to be with her, but not because I need her to hold me up \'97 I want to be next to her, as I stand on my own."\
Anna screamed. Her hand shot out from behind her back, and Elsa could do nothing when she caught the blade of her sword. Her gauntlet shattered from the effort but Anna gripped the sword firmly, all else forgotten in her single-minded desire for blood. She drew back her rapier\'85and stabbed Elsa.\
Ice pierced her chest, and stabbed her heart.\
Elsa clenched her hand around the ice, but she felt no pain. Anna's gaze immediately went to the sword in her other hand, but Elsa had no intention of attacking. She would not fight anymore. Not Anna\'85\
Not Edmund.\
"I can accept myself now. I am, and I always have been, Elsa."\
"Stop talking," Anna said.\
"Forgive me, Edmund, but I want to talk to Anna just this once." Elsa moved from the blade to seize Anna's hand, even as she frantically tried to pull away. Ice bound them together now. Elsa closed her eyes, and let herself dream just for this second that everything was as it had once been, that 
\i they 
\i0 were as they had once been. "I'm not sure if you can hear me, Anna, but I want you to know...I am grateful we met. Even if you can't be my heart, you are always in it. You give me hope."\
"Just stop talking, stop, stop, stop\'97!"\
"But you," Elsa said, opening her eyes and allowing her pity to fade, her anger at this travesty to resurface, and Anna met her gaze with wide, panicked eyes that never focused on her face. "Look what 
\i you 
\i0 have become. You are more lost now than you ever were. You've thrown everything away, but to what end? You are everything you despised. You became a puppet. You are more Markus' than Gustaf's son now, Edmund."\
Anna's gaze sharpened.\
Her pupils were no longer blue, but black.\
"My name\'85is
\i \'85Odon!
\i0 "\
Her sword shattered in her hand.\
Anna screamed, but she was not alone. Overlapping her voice was a second, male, howling with furious denial and cheated rage, pain and despair that burned raw. Her bloodless face swelled with color and even the white of her hair receded, drawing back like a veil to reveal the red underneath. Anna gasped, eyes flitting to and fro with horror and fear and dread. She tried to say something, but her head snapped back, and Anna let loose another desperate scream.\
Light burst from her chest, bending her body with the force of its emergence.\
"No!" Anna scrabbled to hold onto the light, but her shaking hands barely moved. "No! No \'97 Elsa! How are you doing this \'97 I am \'97 I am \'97 I am perfect, I am whole now. You cannot take this from me\'97!"\
Elsa already knew what was happening.\
Before her eyes, the light coalesced into the form of a snowflake, and ripped out of Anna.\
She stilled, mouth agape but soundless like a doll without a ventriloquist, teetering on her feet like a puppet with cut strings, as though she had not yet registered the truth of what had happened.\
Hovering there in front of them was her heart, and the desperate scream still echoed \'97 but not from Anna. Shadows clung to the snowflake like a layer of grime, screeching its agony, but the light of her heart could not be masked. It pulsed, once, and the darkness was expelled. Elsa did not need to reach out. Her heart returned of its own accord, phasing back into her body. It filled the wound in her chest and soothed her pains with warmth, but what comforted her was nothing physical. It was song that echoed in her soul. Even in the depth of winter, there still lay within her an invincible summer.\
She was whole again. Not only having her heart back, but she was truly, at long last, at peace.\
And Anna, the 
\i real 
\i0 Anna, stood in front of her now.\
Her eyes fluttered to a close, and she staggered.\
Elsa rushed ahead and caught her as she fell, hardly daring to believe she had succeeded. Would Anna forever slumber, and never wake? Or would she wake, and attack her again? Elsa fell to the ground and held Anna close. Elsa clutched her tightly while she still could. She couldn't be sure she would have this chance again. Gleaming like a beacon amidst the storm of white, the Mirror had neither dimmed nor weakened. Perhaps the end was truly inevitable. If this was to be her last moment before oblivion, Elsa could have no greater happiness than to hold Anna in her arms.\
"E-Elsa\'85?"\
Anna opened her eyes, and they were not rimmed with red, but the warm shade of blue that Elsa had known before. Recognition. She could see her now. She knew who she was. Elsa reached out with a shaking hand, unable to let herself believe until she felt the warmth of her cheek. Anna was really here.\
Elsa broke into a smile.\
"It's me," Elsa said.\

\i It's you. It's really you, Anna.
\i0 \
"I-I'm so sorry I hurt you," Anna said, barely audible behind the muffling of her sobs. Tears fell from the corner of her eyes. Elsa shook her head, trying to tell her that she was unhurt, she was fine, but Anna would not relent. "I'm so, so sorry, Elsa. I-I could see everything happening but I couldn't stop myself, I couldn't do anything but I swear I tried\'97"\
"I know," Elsa said. She pulled Anna close, feeling her tremor against her body. She thought she had known pain. Nothing could compare to what she felt when she saw Anna so scared; not scared of anything, but scared of herself. None of this should have happened to Anna. "None of it was your fault."\
"No, Elsa. I-I wanted to, to heal you, to fix you somehow," Anna said, grasping her hand almost desperately. "I wanted to be your heart. Otherwise\'85this wouldn't have happened. Do you get that?"\
"I don't blame you," Elsa said. She brushed away Anna's tears with her thumb, feeling the warmth of her skin and somehow unable to keep from crying too. "We just have things to learn, both of us. We aren't..." Elsa swallowed. "We aren't perfect. But we\'85we will get through this."\

\i I will always love you.
\i0 \
Wisps of shadow \'97 the same shadow that had escaped from Anna and been banished from her heart \'97 squirmed in the air with a keening wail. Elsa and Anna watched as the darkness slowly descended, bleeding together like patchwork, and aggregate into a familiar form that fell like a black teardrop.\
Edmund lay on the ground not ten feet away, broken.\
Deserted by her reliquary and without protection from the cold that he had unleashed, his face was now pale and bloodless, skin cracked, eyes rimmed by red and lips colorless. Edmund made no coherent sounds, save for low moans of an unyielding pain. Though he curled inwards, one arm held tight against his chest, his free hand still extended, shaking, towards them \'97 Anna flinched, releasing the tiniest gasp of a breathless terror. Elsa shifted so she shielded Anna from him.\
"M-My heart," Edmund said, and his teeth chattered, his eyes squeezed shut as another wave of agony tore through his ravaged body. Elsa knew his anguish well, the pain of separation and the horror of loss. He could not have much time left before his reliquary crumbled away. Without hers, he would die soon.\
"You don't have to do this," Elsa said, and Edmund turned, eyes snapping open with jealous hatred. "You don't have to live like this, Edmund. Before your time runs out, try, try and accept who you are\'97"\
"You don't know anything," Edmund hissed, managing to crawl less than a foot before pain overcame his rage. "You have 
\i always 
\i0 had everything, and I \'97 
\i I have nothing left
\i0 ."\
Edmund seized in yet another spasm. Blood dripped from his eyes and his nostrils. Blackened veins crawled their way up his neck, spreading to his chin, and his head and limbs jerked with spastic motions.\
"Please, Elsa," Anna said, slowly, reluctantly drawing away. Though she was still afraid when she looked at Edmund, she still had the spark of her old determination. "Let me talk to him."\
"Are you sure?"\
"We were\'85the same person, for a while," Anna said, eyes squeezing shut, looking sick and feverish as the memories no doubt resurfaced. Elsa gripped her hand. "So I\'85I can understand."\
"You don't have to do this," Elsa said.\
"I-I want to help."\
"Can you forgive him?"\
"I don't know," Anna said, but she looked at him and there was still pity in her eyes. "All I know is that we were friends, and I\'85I don't want to see him like this."\
Anna pushed herself onto her feet, nearly collapsing from that alone. Somehow she made her way across the platform. Elsa watched carefully, ready to intervene; but she doubted she would be needed.\
"Edmund," Anna said, though he hardly seemed to notice. "I know that you're suffering. I know that the world has been unfair to you. It's not a reason, Edmund. You have to make your own choices, and I know you want to make the right ones. Please, just\'85let go."\
"I already let go," Edmund choked.\
"Not of yourself, but\'85the pain," Anna said. "I know you hate feeling broken, so you wrapped yourself in the pain. Let it go, Edmund. It was your shield, but you have to let go."\
Edmund opened his mouth to speak, and at that moment, the Mirror released one final pulse of energy. It shook the entire world. Elsa looked up in alarm as the winter began to reach its climax, as the cold reached its zenith and the world below began to give way to nothing. Her hands were starting to numb. When she lifted them, she saw the ice building over her skin, the cold that overtook her blood. No one else could have survived. Right now, Elsa knew, the only people still awake were them three.\
They were all that was left.\
Edmund threw his head back and broke into raucous laughter, choking out ragged breaths between.\
"My will is done regardless," Edmund said, pointing up at the Mirror. "It doesn't matter who holds your heart, Elsa. You can have it back! Completing it only sped up the process. If this is something that can be stopped, then just try. It's already too late."\
Elsa drew the Mirror towards herself, and the artifact, though now under her control, had already unleashed too much power to be withdrawn. It was complete now, truly complete, with her heart supplying it with its full might. Edmund spoke the truth. Nothing could be done.\
"I have saved everyone," Edmund breathed. "I have given everyone eternal happiness."\
"Happiness is nothing like this!" Anna said.\
But Edmund only laughed.\
"There has to be a way," Anna said, but one look at her face and Elsa knew that was a lie. And Anna would know. She had been one with Edmund. "Elsa, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, about everything\'97"\
"Anna," Elsa said. "Can you come here?"\
It took a precious second for Anna to realize what had been asked, and Elsa smiled softly at her confusion. It was very much like Anna. She stepped closer as though each one was dangerous. One step, and then two, and then three. Her steps quickened, and finally Anna flung herself into Elsa's arms.\
"Enough with the apologies, Anna," Elsa murmured. She pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "You don't always have to say sorry. I'm grateful."\
"Please, stop. Please don't say goodbye."\
"What the trolls told me was that the Mirror can only be broken by someone who let go of all their desires," Elsa said, and Anna tightened her embrace. "But I know I can't do that, and\'85I don't think that's really such a bad thing. I meant everything I said before. I want to stand beside you."\
"I-I know," Anna choked out. "I do too."\
"And that's why\'85I can't let go. I never want to let go of you."\
Elsa drew away from their embrace, desperately missing its warmth the moment they were separated. But that was fine. Elsa took a moment to study Anna's face, to commit her every feature to memory, as though she had not already done so. She didn't like to see Anna crying. She wished she hadn't been the reason for all the times Anna had cried, but here she was, giving her yet another reason.\

\i Anna, I'm sorry.
\i0 \
Elsa cupped her face, and kissed Anna one more time.\
"Because I love you," Elsa breathed. "I never stopped, and I never will."\
"Y-You finally said it aloud," Anna said, laughing and sobbing.\
Elsa looked back, where the Mirror was beginning its final revolution. Just behind, Edmund was watching them. His eyes were wide, questioning, and when their gazes met for a brief instant, just before he looked away, she thought he had seen her unspoken answer. Either way, any time she had left would be for Anna. Elsa turned back, smiling, because this, the last moment of her life, was somehow the happiest too.\
"Are you afraid?" Elsa asked.\
"Yes," Anna said. "I am. I-I'm afraid for you."\
Elsa kissed Anna again, tasting salt on her lips, but this time would be the last. When she drew back this time, she would not allow herself to reach out again. If she did, she might never have the strength to leave. She would let herself be selfish. When Anna reached for her hand, Elsa stepped away and brought the Mirror with her to their own space. She shook her head at Anna's unspoken question. Would it be selfish to close her eyes? She couldn't bear to see the hurt and desperation in Anna's gaze.\
"I am the human reincarnation of the Mirror," Elsa said. "Its magic is my own. I might not be able to make it stop, and I might not be able to break it, but\'85I can still absorb all this."\
She could truly become one with the Mirror and take in all of its magic, take in all of this power that it had already unleashed. It would reverse the winter. But\'85Elsa was only human. She would not survive, not with her frail, mortal body, and she already knew what would happen. She would freeze. She would be forever enshrined within a cocoon of crystal, ageless, perfect, alone. She would never wake.\
And that was fine, because Elsa could not imagine any world without Anna.\
Every second that counted down now was counting down on her life.\
"No!" Anna made to dash forward, but Elsa forced herself to be cruel. Ice rose between them, and Anna had no power to break through it now. She slammed her fists against the wall, doing nothing, and Elsa wished her ice was opaque. She did not want this to be her last memory. Still, she didn't look away. She still wanted to see Anna. "No! You can't do this \'97 I did this, I can be the one to \'97 Elsa! Listen to me!"\
Anna sank down to her knees.\
Elsa barely noticed.\
She couldn't hear Anna so well anymore.\
She couldn't see Anna so well anymore.\
Elsa could only feel the cold overtake her every sensation, but before that, she whispered one thing.\
"Goodbye, Anna."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Why were they so unhappy?\
Edmund thought he had given them a boon. Oblivion was his salvation for this diseased world of false hope and hypocrisy. It was rotten to the core, doomed to despair and failure. There was nothing of worth. What was in this world that could be treasured? But here they were, and they were not happy. Anna was crying. Elsa was smiling, but her smile held nothing but sadness. Edmund did not understand.\
Why were they sad about separation?\
Edmund shifted his gaze to Anna. Anna was perfect. Anna was everything that he aspired to be. For one glorious moment, he had achieved that pinnacle of existence. Before it was ripped from him, and he was told he had been wrong. What was so wrong with wanting to be someone else? Anna was more perfect than he could ever hope to be.\
And yet here she was, crying.\
Edmund shifted his gaze to Elsa. Elsa was imperfect. Elsa was everything that he despised. Whenever he looked at her face, he was reminded of his failures. She reminded him of the time he was stupid enough to gleam any hope at all from his miserable existence, and she was even worse than him. She was just a puppet dancing on strings.\
And yet here she was, so sure, so strong, that\'85\
Edmund began to doubt.\
"Please, Elsa," Anna sobbed, and Edmund heard the one thing he had never wanted to hear in her voice. It was despair blacker than hell. Even more than his own, and he could not understand.\

\i Why are you so sad\'85?
\i0 \

\i What\'85makes you\'85sad\'85?
\i0 \

\i Do you feel sad\'85because\'85you\'85care\'85?
\i0 \
People felt sad because they cared, which brought up the question of why people bothered caring at all; and Edmund remembered the look that Elsa had given him. She had already told him. She was happy. She was happy because she cared, because she loved. But then\'85everything he had done\'85?\
Edmund wished Gustaf was still here to answer his questions.\

\i Father\'85 Was I wrong?
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna watched helplessly as Elsa crystallized.\
Elsa stood calmly. She showed no trace of fear for her fate, leaving only Anna to worry, to plead, but there were no deities who would save them, no miracles waiting to happen.\
Ice blossomed from the center of her chest, as though flowering from her heart. It began as a snowflake pattern that spidered across her torso, and then the edges started their inexorable spread. Slowly, the frost crept outwards, to her legs, her arms, before finally beginning its ascension up her neck. There was no more time. Anna felt the cold leave her body and be drawn through the barrier holding her back, to the Mirror and to Elsa. Elsa would never smile again, never laugh again, never be there to hold her again.\
Anna still had so many things she wanted to say.\
Elsa had closed her eyes, spreading her arms wide in invitation for the magic which sought a host. There was a haunting beauty about the figure she portrayed. She 
\i was 
\i0 beautiful, an immortal figure cut from ice. She did not appear imprisoned, but rather, garbed in the crystal, released from the earthly tethers of mortality and perfected. It was more than physical, too. There was a dignity there which outstripped any of the simple pride she might have gained from the power she wielded. Elsa had chosen sacrifice. She had devoted herself to this act of nobility, and she was now very much like those heroes that Anna had read about and dreaming of meeting, those heroines that Anna had admired.\
Anna no longer wished for any of that. She only wished that Elsa could be someone who wouldn't be burdened anymore. She only wished that Elsa could return, live her life and be happy.\
"Please," Anna breathed.\
And then she saw him.\
Edmund was on the other side of the wall. He raised his arm, hand blazing with dark fire. Before Anna could do anything \'97 to shout for him to stop, to make even the slightest motion in his direction, to even begin to wonder what he could possibly be thinking \'97 he flung the flames ahead.\
It struck the Mirror.\
And on the pristine surface appeared a hairline fracture.\
It had once emitted harsh, unyielding white light. Now where the fracture ripped across the Mirror, there was exposed not glass but an abyss that lay within, a maw of complete blackness. All its magic was drawn back into the fracture, peeling away from the world and cast into the heavy gales which swept into the vacuum of the Mirror. Everything born of its power winked out of existence. Even the terrible white light was swallowed within the darkness.\
Anna hardly dared to believe.\
Elsa was released from her prison.\
Gossamer crystal rippled and receded as the ice began to withdraw into her heart. Her barrier collapsed, siphoned by the Mirror, and was drawn away into the void. Anna raced past the falling shards even before they fully vanished, shielding her face with her arm as she ran through the jagged crystals.\
She caught Elsa before she fell. Anna held her tight, felt Elsa squeeze back just as strongly, just as desperately. She never wanted to let go again.\
"Don't you ever try to sacrifice yourself for me," Anna said, sobbing into her shoulder but happy, happier than she had ever been. "Please, Elsa. Never do that to me again."\
Elsa kissed the top of her head and murmured, "I love you, Anna."\
After one moment of eternity, the Mirror shattered.\
Its pieces scattered into the wind.\
Winter receded. Snow thawed, and the sun peeked out from behind the cover of white that had so long obscured its radiance. Anna felt the rays of the sun warm her skin. When they looked out, Anna and Elsa could see into the distance where there was the slightest glimpse of the sea. Sunlight reflected off its waters and set the ocean aflame with twilight, filling the black-and-white world with the vibrancy of color.\
It was a beautiful sight.\
Anna breathed deeply, trying to make sense of everything that had happened, trying to understand this miracle. Elsa came to the same realization at the same moment.\
They looked towards Edmund.\
"Thank you," Elsa said.\
"Do not\'85ever...thank me."\
His voice was free of the pain which had plagued him for so long, but Anna could see that it was too late. Already his eyes were fogging, his breathing slowing to nothing. His heart had already withered away. Where his heart had been locked away at Baaj, nothing remained now but dust. But Edmund\'85had broken the Mirror. And the trolls had said\'85\

\i You really\'85managed to let go.
\i0 \
"In the end, I still won," Edmund said, but there was no spite, no malice, only an age-old weariness. Anna thought she saw a tinge of regret, when their eyes met, but she could not suffer his gaze for long and soon looked away. "I already died long ago...that day on Baaj. I head now into the darkness, while you must stay and suffer this cruel world. You are my legacy, Elsa. Prove me\'85wrong."\
Elsa nodded.\
"I will."\
Edmund tilted his head back as though sleeping, closed his eyes; and he died, still, and always, Edmund.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 a/n: 
\b0 Thank you all, so much. Epilogue to follow.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb1 Epilogue: Exeunt Omnes
\b0 \

\i Der er et yndigt land,
\i0 \

\i det st\'e5r med brede b\'f8ge
\i0 \

\i n\'e6r salten \'f8sterstrand...
\i0 \
Well, Hans thought, lucky that hymn was accurate now the winter had passed. Otherwise, looking out the window to a frozen wasteland, that bit about their kingdom's lovely land and spreading beaches would seem insane. Especially since he specifically requested the national anthem be sung over the 
\i royal 
\i0 anthem. Either way, even an inaccurate hymn would have been preferable over the latter choice.\
Having the choir sing about terror and death and war and victory would very likely cast an unfavorable light on his coronation.\
What a strange thought.\
Alek braced him as he walked down the length of the chapel, where at the end of the hall was the anointing throne he had once dreamt of possessing. Every arduous step brought him closer to the prize he had once so passionately desired. And yet, seeing the throne, knowing that he would soon be king, brought him no exhilaration, nor even the slightest joy. It was a simple duty. No one else could do this.\
Hans sat upon the throne, and he found it uncomfortable. Which made sense, considering it was made of narwhal tusks and plated gold. He would need to be some sort of madman to ever find that comfortable. As soon as he was seated, the hymn quieted just enough for the ceremony to commence. Sceptre and orb was brought to him by a bishop, and these artifacts, Hans held while looking out to his audience. It was not strictly required of him to speak, but\'85\
"Unhappy circumstances have brought us here," Hans said, seeing the faces of leaders and kings who had come here not to celebrate his ascension, but to avenge themselves on the Southern Isles. "I take on the burden of kingship with no pride for my predecessor, my father, Markus. I do not deny, and I do not condone, the travesties of his rule. My pledge to you all shall be thus: I will, to the best of my ability, make amends for the injustices inflicted upon your kingdoms. From here on out, there 
\i will 
\i0 be change."\
Hans looked not to any foreigner now, but his family, his siblings, so reduced now that so many of them had passed. Cyrus, Stefan, and Rafael sat in the front row; Alek stood at his right, and Oliver at his left. All of them silent, heads bowed and without pride; and this, Hans could not allow.\
"However, that being said," Hans continued, calm voice belying just a hint of the iron of a monarch, "I will not let the madness of one man overshadow the noble history of my kingdom. I will not allow the Southern Isles to fall into ignominy. Reparations must be made, and there must be peace, but I also promise my own people that the glory of the Southern Isles will not be reduced, but strengthened."\
Anointment had not been something he looked forward to, and while oil was rubbed into his scalp, Hans preoccupied himself by looking out at the sea of outraged faces. At least Agdar looked admiring. As for his brothers\'85Hans was glad to see the spirit reawaken in their eyes, and they looked to him, now, for direction. Hans glanced to his side and saw Alek standing tall, Oliver smiling. They would be needed too, all of them. No longer was he alone. No longer was he the boy who wanted the throne only to sate his need for vengeance. Soon the crown was laid upon his head, its weight almost unbearable.\

\i Vort gamle Danmark skal best\'e5,
\i0 \

\i s\'e5 l\'e6nge b\'f8gen spejler
\i0 \

\i sin top i b\'f8lgen bl\'e5\'85
\i0 \
Yes, Hans thought.\
We will endure.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 It really took too long for the ceremony to end.\
"It was a daring move, and I daresay you have made enemies today," Agdar said, but the enforced stern of his face vanished when he broke into a smile. "But admirable, truly. I share your sentiment."\
Once the other guests departed, Hans had taken off the heavy crown and immediately returned to his wheelchair. Instant relief on his back. Next time he saw him, he needed to thank Oliver for making it so comfortable. Maybe he could do something about the throne, too. Narwhal tusk was terrible.\
"It was important I give my people reassurance," Hans said. "Rebuilding our lives will be a long process."\
"If you ever need assistance, Arendelle will be your ally."\
"Thank you."\
Without anybody else there, the chapel became hauntingly quiet. Light from the candles flickered and cast waxing shadows over the bust of Archangel Michael and the Dragon. It almost seemed as though they would come alive at any second and burst into battle once more.\
"How's Anna?" Hans asked.\
She had not attended his coronation.\
"Still the same."\
It had only been three days since the war ended and everyone woke from dreamless sleep. Hans was not quite sure of the specifics of what had happened. Except for Elsa and Anna, Hans doubted anyone knew the entirety of the story. All he or anyone else could remember was the cold, and even now, some of that winter seemed to linger in their veins. Hans never felt completely warm, and every now and then, he would be assaulted by shuddering chills; but they were passing.\
Anna had remained in her room for the past few days, recovering from the ordeal. Barely speaking, barely eating, barely having the strength to even move, Anna seemed a different person from the optimistic girl he had met. But when Hans had told her the news that he would soon be crowned king, she seemed excited enough. Anna had even managed a small smile, and Hans allowed himself to believe she would come.\
Until he told her the coronation would be held at the chapel.\
Her face blanched. Hans would never forget the breathless horror he saw in her eyes. Anna had lost her voice completely, and could only shake her head, gesturing with her hands for him to leave.\
Hans had not pressed.\
"Anna is more than welcome to stay until she recovers," Hans said. As soon as the words left his lips, he knew he was only clinging to hope. Anna was the first person to have faith in him. Of course he wanted her to stay, to be well. "At least, until she is well enough to travel."\
"I'm not sure that would be wise," Agdar said, though he seemed to understand. Hans nodded when he clapped his shoulder. "But I admit\'85I don't know what else 
\i would 
\i0 be wise. She hardly speaks to me."\
"I wish I could help," Hans said. "I don't know how to begin to thank her, for\'85everything. I was a very different person until she came. All of us were."\
"Not just you?"\
"Elsa," Hans said, and Agdar smiled softly in agreement. "I realize there is little credit to my word at the moment, but I'd vouch for her. Believe me, I hated her just as much as anyone. More, even. But\'85I still trust that she means no harm to anyone, now. She 
\i did 
\i0 save us all."\
"Don't worry," Agdar said. "Whatever formality ends up being decided, I doubt anyone will be able to enforce punishment. Nor would they be willing to try. What do you think she'll do next?"\
Hans smiled.\
"Anything she wants, I suppose."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa filled in his grave with her hands.\
Edmund did not have the privilege of a royal burial, nor even the right to a complete corpse. There would be no tombstone, no epitaph. His body had been burned, and the ashes would have been left unattended to scatter into the wind; but Elsa had not allowed such indignity. She collected his ashes and brought the urn with her to the cemetery.\
She felt compelled to do something for him. Perhaps because she was the only person to know who he really had been, and she knew his loneliness, his desperate search for security. Allowing him to be sent alone into the wind just felt wrong. Edmund would not have desired any sort of memorial, but to be cast away without direction, without home, that was a fear shared between them.\
Elsa dug out the earth beside Gustaf's tomb, and placed Edmund's ashes there.\
She filled in the grave without magic, choosing to use her hands. Only recently thawed, the soil was still dry, and rough enough to almost make her hands bleed, but she persisted. It was an amateurish effort, but she thought it felt more genuine. Using magic \'97 the thing that had ruined his life \'97 seemed an insult.\
Finally, the deed was done.\
Elsa stepped back, but she had not brought any offerings. She doubted he would want anything of hers, and the one thing he did want, she had fulfilled. Here, beside Gustaf, perhaps he would find home.\
"Now you can be with him," Elsa said.\
She struggled for words. She had never been one for such things, and Edmund had deemed her a poor conversationalist, let alone any kind of eulogist. Still, there was no one else here, and there never would be. Once she left, no one would ever come here again. Just this once, she would speak to him.\
"Anna wanted to be here." But Elsa knew that was a lie, so she did not linger long on the subject. No one else had wanted to be here. It felt an awful irony that Edmund would hold funerals for all his brothers, and be denied one. "Although, I suppose you would prefer anyone over me."\
Though, had she imagined the sense of solidarity between them? She had been the one he sent to Baaj, and he had been the one to teach her through his memories. They really were two of a kind. Elsa placed a hand over her heart, feeling the rhythmic pulse reassure her once more that she was no longer the twisted thing she had become.\
"I remember when we fought the first time, and you told me that you were my senior," Elsa said. "In the end, you really did teach me, so I suppose\'85I should thank you for your instruction."\
But he had told her never to thank him.\
"You saved me," Elsa said.\
She rose.\
"I'm going to fulfill my promise. I'm going to find something for both of us."\
And she wouldn't look back.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Elsa knocked on the door once, twice.\
She knew that Anna was still awake, but she waited for the quiet answer before entering. It was already night outside, but in her room, the number of candles may as well have substituted for the sun. Anna preferred it that way. She sat in a wheelchair now, hands folded neatly in her lap. Situated near the window, she could look out toward the sea. Even from here, the gentle lapping of the waves on the shore was visible, washing onto land and being swept back into the sea without cease.\
"Did the coronation go all right?" Anna asked.\
She sounded different. No longer was she the excitable, energetic woman from before; Anna rarely spoke now. She only ever initiated conversation with Elsa. Sometimes she would be so lost in thought that she forgot to respond to others. Even when she did, she always spoke softly, voice raspy as though her vocal cords had atrophied from disuse, or that she only had partial control over them.\
"I didn't go," Elsa said.\
"Oh." Anna turned around, tilting her head, but she straightened again as quickly as she had made the motion. "What else were you doing?"\
"Nothing important." Elsa walked closer and kneeled down next to Anna. "I didn't 
\i miss 
\i0 anything important either. Hans being crowned king doesn't quite make my list of priorities."\
Anna nodded.\
She looked exhausted. Any strength she had, during those first moments after being freed of possession, had been born of adrenaline. Ever since then she had been drawn, and drained, beyond anything Elsa had ever seen or expected. Anna's face was sallow and sickly, eyes rimmed with black circles. She could not walk. Her hands shook. Too often, her gaze was unfocused, glassy; but the worst part was that she would momentarily snap back into attention with such horror that Elsa could only imagine what memories she had relived.\
"Have you eaten?" Elsa asked.\
"I'm not too hungry today."\
Just as she hadn't been too hungry the other days, but Elsa didn't say anything. Instead she remained kneeling there with Anna, and placed her hand over the arm of the wheelchair as though she was balancing her weight. Anna noticed. Elsa saw her glance at her hand before looking down, but she did nothing. Elsa waited. After some time, Anna looked up again and, slowly, inched her hand toward hers.\
"I'm here," Elsa murmured, opening her palm and intertwining their fingers.\
"\'85I know."\
Silence again, and Elsa closed her eyes. She concentrated on the soft sounds of Anna's breathing, thumb slowly rubbing circles into the back of her hand. Her skin wasn't cold, but not warm.\
"You aren't asking me what's wrong," Anna said. "Everybody else does."\
"I don't know how to ask without disregarding your feelings," Elsa said, opening her eyes to see Anna staring. Anna bowed her head as soon as she did, breathing quickening and falling out of its original rhythm, and Elsa added, "I'll wait until you want to tell me. I'll be here when you're ready."\
Anna bit her lower lip, but her breathing had calmed somewhat.\
"\'85I'm tired."\
"Do you want to go to bed?"\
"No," Anna said quickly, and her grip tightened so much that her knuckles whitened. Just for a moment until she forcibly relaxed. "I just \'97 I want to stay here. I don't want to sleep yet. Can you stay with me?"\
"Of course."\
Elsa had spent the last few nights sitting outside the door in silent vigil. Not because anyone found it improper for them to share a room; Anna had wanted to be alone. Elsa waited outside just in case she was ever needed, so she knew that the candlelight was never extinguished. She doubted Anna had slept at all for the past nights. But she didn't push. It took every ounce of control that she possessed, but she did not push. She simply waited, because she knew she had to be there.\
"I'm sorry I'm a burden."\
"You're not," Elsa said. "And you never will be."\
Anna did not respond, and Elsa waited again. Not silently, this time. She hummed a melody while they looked out to the sea. After several minutes, Anna's breathing calmed and slowed into a steady pace. Perhaps it was the rhythm of the waves, or the cadence of her melody, or even the gentle touch of her hand, but Elsa was surprised to see Anna closing her eyes. She slumped into the wheelchair as her head lolled faintly to the side. She was finally sleeping.\
Asleep, Anna looked less tense. Lines that had been etched onto her face smoothened, and her lips, usually pursed shut, parted. Elsa reached out to brush away the hair that had fallen into her face, carefully, so she would not be noticed. Anna had begun leaving her hair unkempt. It hung down past her forehead and dipped into her eyes, but now, with her hair tucked back, she looked more herself. Elsa could allow herself to believe that Anna would heal.\
Then Anna bolted upright.\
"Anna\'97?"\
Elsa jerked back when Anna lashed out, arms swinging with strength she had not shown for the past three days. It was a wild, ferocious movement. Anna thrashed soundlessly in her seat, punching, swinging; Elsa seized her flailing arms and moved to her front, hardly understanding what was happening. Was Anna having a nightmare? Was she trying to protect herself from something in her dreams? And then her eyes snapped open. Wide and with pupils dilated, glowing with feverish light.\
It reminded Elsa of another time, and a trickle of horror bled into her mind.\
But no, not that again. Anna's face contorted as she screamed, but she didn't even have enough air to sustain it long. Her breathing turned harsh and ragged, and sweat marred her forehead. Though her eyes were on Elsa, there wasn't an inkling of recognition. She wasn't looking at her at all. Elsa tried to keep a tight hold on her arms, afraid that Anna would hurt herself, but Anna yanked back and she had to let go. Anna curled in on herself, trembling, muttering unintelligible words under her breath.\
Elsa couldn't handle it anymore.\
"Anna!" Elsa yelled, and she shook her shoulders because she 
\i needed 
\i0 Anna to wake up.\
It was the wrong thing to do.\
Anna screamed again, flinging Elsa back and jerking away so violently that her wheelchair toppled. Try as she might to scramble to her feet, Elsa was too slow to stop Anna from falling. She hit the floor on her side, hard, but she didn't even seem to notice. Whatever she was running from, whatever terrified her so much, drove her onward even despite her disability. Anna crawled away, fingers digging into the carpet as she scrabbled for purchase.\
"Get away! Stop. Stop! Get away from me, I don't want \'97 I don't want \'97 
\i Get out!
\i0 "\
Slowly, Elsa rose. Anna had not made it far, and the desperate strength that had borne her away seemed to have vanished. It left her crumpled, broken and sobbing desperate pleas to no one. She sounded so strangled that Elsa feared she wasn't breathing. Elsa approached her again, careful to keep herself in check. Anna needed her to be calm.\
"It's me," Elsa murmured, but she didn't dare to touch Anna, not yet. "It's Elsa, I'm not \'97 I'm not him. It's going to be okay. One day, you 
\i are
\i0  going to be okay, Anna."\
She stooped and slid one arm under Anna's neck, and the other under her knees. Anna seemed to have subsided for now, and offered no resistance. Elsa lifted her up and carried her to bed, taking slow, measured steps that would not jostle her along the way. When Anna was finally in bed, Elsa sat down at her side, watching, feeling agony at the thought that she could do nothing. Anna was whimpering with fear and pain, and she could do nothing but watch.\
"I'm sorry," Elsa said, brushing away her tears, feeling the feverish heat of her skin.\
Just as she was pulling away, Anna reached out and caught her hand. She clutched on tightly, instinctively, as she would never allow herself to do anymore while awake. Anna had once again closed her eyes, but she was not resting. She still looked terrified. Elsa gently squeezed her hand, just so Anna would know that she was 
\i there
\i0 . Some of the tension left her face. She still emanated heat from her entire body. Her face was still flushed red with pain. Her hair was still matted with sweat.\
"Hot," Anna choked out.\
Elsa lifted her hand, and pressed her bare skin against Anna's forehead.\
Anna calmed and slept through the night.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 "Is she\'85?"\
"Asleep," Elsa said.\
Agdar sagged with relief, sliding down against the wall and heaving a deep sigh. He had been outside as soon as she left the room. Elsa admired how he managed to keep poised the last few days, dealing with all the political entanglement, but knowing his daughter was suffering must have weighed on his mind. As soon as his work was done, he would come here, in the dead of night; and Elsa, waiting outside every night, would simply nod and wave him away. It would be a disservice to talk about Anna behind her back. Agdar only needed reassurance that she was\'85fine. Tonight, though, she could give him one word.\
"She'll be all right," Agdar said, but Elsa had the feeling he was talking to himself. "I'll bring her home, and everything will be how it used to be."\
"It's not that simple," Elsa said.\
She remained standing while Agdar looked up to meet her gaze.\
"It's not better for her to be cooped up here," Agdar said. "I'm going to bring her 
\i home
\i0 , Elsa. Not this place where nothing but misfortune has befallen my daughter, who deserved none of this ordeal."\
"But you think the four walls of her room in Arendelle are going to be better?"\
Agdar clenched his fists, and Elsa wondered for a moment whether he would actually attack; but he had better control than that, no matter what enmity had existed between them.\
"I am grateful that you saved Anna," Agdar said. "But I have not forgotten that you tore her from home."\
"I did," Elsa said, nodding. "And I will do everything I can to be there for her now, even if that means pointing out your stupidity."\
"Do you think you know better than me?"\
"I do," Elsa said, and before Agdar could finish his protest, she added, "Because I'm not the one who only remembers the little girl who left Arendelle, not knowing anything about the world."\
Agdar had been ready to rise to his feet, but hearing her words, every hint of fight disappeared from his face. She had never seen him so resigned, as he slumped and closed his eyes. Not when she conquered Arendelle, and not when she prepared to kill him for his treachery. Only now, when he realized that he knew nothing of how to help Anna, was he defeated.\
"I know you love Anna, and Anna knows that too," Elsa said.\
She 
\i did 
\i0 feel sympathy for him. It was\'85an odd feeling, but when she put more thought into it, she realized it was not so strange. He was only trying his best, and in that part of him, she could see Anna.\
"Does she, really?" Agdar clasped a hand over his face, rubbing his eyes so roughly that they had reddened when he pulled away. "I have been\'85powerless. I have done nothing, while she suffered."\
"You cannot magically fix her problems."\
"I wish I could."\
"And how would you choose to do that?" Elsa asked. "She cannot be your preconceived notion of Anna. She cannot be under your wing all her life. She hasn't been for some time."\
Agdar met her gaze again, and there was a curiosity in his eyes that she did not understand.\
"\'85She told me something similar before," Agdar said.\
"Then you should already know."\
Elsa offered him a hand, and Agdar only stared. She twitched her fingers up when he did nothing, and seeming startled by the motion, he finally took her hand and rose to his feet. Clearing his throat and nodding, he wavered between speaking and not. Elsa waited. She might as well, considering how much effort she had already put into this.\
"What will 
\i you 
\i0 do, then?"\
"I think\'85I'm going to leave," Elsa said, and Agdar did not look surprised. "I made someone a promise, and I cannot fulfill it here. I'm going to see the world with my own eyes."\
Agdar scrutinized her face once again. Elsa stared back, reminded of that brief moment during the battle, when Agdar had asked, pleaded, for her to save Anna. It was the same look in his eyes now. Whatever he was looking for from her gaze, he seemed to find.\
"Could you take Anna, too?" Agdar asked.\
"Why do you think I'm bothering to tell you anything?" Elsa smiled, but she was not looking towards Agdar anymore. She glanced back, towards the door that led to Anna. "As long as she wants to."\
At length, Agdar nodded.\
"I will miss her every day, but\'85I trust you," Agdar said, laughing quietly. It was a small, pitiful sound. "I cannot believe I am admitting this, but I trust that you will be there for Anna."\
Elsa nodded back.\
"\'85Thank you for understanding."\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 Anna woke slowly, surprised to open her eyes to daylight.\
She did not remember falling asleep, and the thought terrified her for a moment, that she did not remember moving to the bed; but when she saw Elsa seated at the corner of the bed, leaning against the bedpost with her eyes closed in sleep, she calmed. Anna swallowed, throat parched for no reason immediately apparent. Her muscles hurt, too, but along with their weakness was an ever-present ache, so she did not think much of that twinging pain. She felt stronger than before, anyhow.\
"Elsa," Anna said quietly.\
She woke immediately, blinking only twice before awareness returned and her gaze focused. Elsa smiled softly and, before Anna could try to say anything more, reached for the pitcher of water at her bedside. She poured out a glass, and Anna took it gratefully to soothe her throat.\
"You fell asleep last night, and I didn't think the wheelchair would be too comfortable," Elsa said.\
Elsa sat closer, taking her hands in her own, and Anna was torn. She needed to push her away. It would be for her own good. At the same time, she 
\i wanted 
\i0 to be here, she 
\i wanted 
\i0 to be close
\i .
\i0 \
"You do too much for me," Anna said.\
"You deserve everything and more."\
No, Anna wanted to say, because\'97\
"Do you want something to eat?" Elsa asked.\
"Oh." Anna had not felt hungry for the past three days \'97 and she remembered that 
\i he 
\i0 had never eaten even before that \'97 but at the mention of food, she realized she 
\i did 
\i0 want to eat. "Y-Yeah, just a little bit."\
Elsa nodded, and after carefully setting her against the headboard, crossed to the other side of the room. Anna watched curiously, having expected that Elsa would help her into her wheelchair and bring her to the kitchens, but she was enormously grateful when she saw the covered plate sitting in a tray on her desk. Elsa brought it back and took off the dome to reveal light foods, soup and bread, suitable now that she was still unused to eating.\
"It's good," Anna said, after taking a few sips of the clear broth, and she did feel considerably warmed. Despite the newly awakened sun and return of the comfortable heat characteristic of the Southern Isles, she had never felt completely warm. Not even now, but the food helped more than she expected.\
"It's strange for me, too," Elsa said suddenly. "Needing to eat, and needing to sleep. Being so alive is a strange sensation, but then, I think I enjoy this too."\
Of course, Anna realized, Elsa would have needed to adjust. Having her heart back, being completely human again. Anna was so happy, so proud of how far she had come, but \'97 for some reason, she couldn't find the words to tell her that. Not anymore. At one point, she would probably have leapt into her arms and wrapped her into the tightest hug she could manage, but now \'97 no, she couldn't do that.\
"Have you eaten chocolate?" Anna asked.\
"Not yet," Elsa said, smiling. "It's too heavy. I could manage to eat it before, you know, because my body was essentially\'85dead. But not anymore. I'll need to work my way up to chocolate."\
"Sounds good."\
Elsa nodded, and the silence that fell was beyond uncomfortable. Anna wanted to say something, and Elsa probably knew. She was waiting. Anna wished she would stop being so considerate. How did she always know? Anna would try to end conversations deliberately, hope she would be fed up and leave like she should, but Elsa would just wait. She had to know. She knew Anna still wanted her there.\
She just didn't realize how selfish she was being.\
"Have you thought about what you're going to do?" Anna asked.\
"I might\'85travel." Elsa was watching her carefully as she spoke. Anna ducked her head and continued to eat, but it was only an excuse now to hide from her gaze. "I spent so much time being owned, manipulated. I want to see the world. I want to see how it really is."\
Yes, that was how it should be.\
Elsa deserved to be free.\
"That's good," Anna said. She ate hurriedly, trying to control her increasingly shallow breaths, but her chest constricted, knowing Elsa really would leave. "Good. Yeah, really good." Was she happy, or not?\
Both.\
Yes, both.\
"You have a little something\'85there." Elsa made a half-hearted gesture at her own mouth, before she smiled, shaking her head, and said, "Here, I'll get it."\
Elsa picked up a napkin, and reached out to dab the corner of her mouth.\
Anna flinched, so violently that the tray fell and crashed to the carpet, and Elsa immediately pulled back.\
"It's not \'97 I'm sorry," Anna said, looking away from Elsa. She couldn't bear to see the hurt that was no doubt on her face. Everything was her fault. "It's not you, I swear, I'm just, I just\'97"\
"Anna."\
She did not look hurt.\
"It's okay," Elsa said, and she was so patient, so understanding, that her heart clenched.\
She did not deserve this.\
"It's not okay," Anna said, unable to keep her voice from harshening, because it was so 
\i unfair
\i0 . "You've been doing so much for me, and I, I just \'97 I keep forcing you to stay with me because I want to be with you, so, so much, but I can't even 
\i stand 
\i0 to be around you sometimes, I keep thinking that I'm just going to hurt you \'97 I 
\i will 
\i0 hurt you, I already have."\
They had avoided the subject for so long. Anna hadn't wanted to talk about it, because she wanted this, what they had, to last; and Elsa had let her stay silent for too long, longer than she deserved. Anna hadn't wanted her to realize how dangerous she was, and leave, because 
\i that 
\i0 was the best thing for Elsa. Not to be stuck here taking care of her even after everything she had done.\
"You would never hurt me," Elsa murmured.\
And Anna laughed.\
Because she still remembered doing exactly that. Hurting Elsa, plunging a knife into her back and feeling such visceral glee at the sight of her suffering that even the memory made her sick. She felt so powerful. She felt so secure, so comforted, being able to dominate Elsa. She, who was protected by her father for most of her life, and then thrust into an unfamiliar world. She, who was completely ordinary, and unable to defend herself from anything or anyone. She, whose fate had always been dictated by another person. Just that once she was the one holding the power over others, and she had 
\i loved 
\i0 it.\
"You still think it was all him," Anna said, and as much as she hated what she was saying, she was so relieved to finally just confess her own depravity. "I was there, Elsa. I knew what I was doing. I 
\i wanted 
\i0 to have your heart all to myself because \'97 I'm just like everyone else, I just want to 
\i own 
\i0 you. It's sick. You need to get away from me before anything happens again. I'm not\'85I'm not good for you. Please."\
She had finally laid it all out; Elsa was going to leave her now, and never look back. It was for the best. It was supposed to be that way. Anna bowed her head, feeling tears well behind her closed eyes when she heard movement. Elsa was leaving. Just as she should. She would be free now, free of her cage.\
Instead, Elsa put her hands on her shoulders and shifted her up. Anna looked up to see her face inches from her own, no longer smiling, but instead meeting her eyes with a steel gaze.\
"Listen to me," Elsa said, both firm and gentle at the same time, voice like iron but her touch soft. "I'm not under any delusion. I know you were there too. When we fought \'97 I knew you were there."\
"Then you should go, and travel like you want, leave me\'97"\
"You were there, but that was 
\i not 
\i0 you." Elsa moved her hands to cup her face, and Anna could feel her hands, her entire body trembling with emotion.\
"How can you know?"\
Because Anna certainly did not.\
They had been so intertwined, the two of them. She hardly knew where her mind ended and 
\i his 
\i0 began, where 
\i his 
\i0 desires ended and her own started.\
"Because I know you never wanted anything but the best for me," Elsa said.\
"That's not true," Anna said quickly.\
She wanted to be her heart.\
It was always just her selfish need to be loved, to be needed.\
"You were only misled about the best way to do that."\
"Stop making excuses for me!" Anna wanted to tear out of her hold, but she was weak, too weak even with the surge of fear that was running through her veins. She was losing control again. She would slip. "I'm not going to let you make excuses for me, I'm not, I'm to blame\'97"\
"Anna," Elsa said, quietly. Though her voice was soft, it was so much stronger than her own that Anna could do nothing but listen. "I'm not making excuses for you. We all make mistakes, but we learn. You don't have to try to be perfect for me. I carved out my heart, but here I am, because you were there to help me stand up again. Now it's my turn. I'm not going to leave you behind. I'm not 
\i ever 
\i0 going to leave you, unless...unless you really want me to."\
Anna could not speak.\
She shook her head.\

\i I don't want you to leave.
\i0 \
Elsa pulled her close and Anna finally allowed herself to cry. She leaned into the touch, and fell against Elsa. She could remember doing this a hundred times before, but only now could she hear a heartbeat.\
"Come with me," Elsa said, and only now did Anna hear the plea in her voice. "We can leave together. We'll see all sorts of places, all sorts of people. We can find our own place. We can be happy, Anna."\
Anna was afraid. She was so afraid, to try, to hurt, to fall again, but no sound left her lips when she tried to refuse. She wanted to say no. She could have no more faith in empty promises.\
But Elsa made her no promises. She told her they 
\i could 
\i0 find happiness. She only offered her the chance, and Anna longed for that chance, so much more than she wanted to refuse. She wanted to be with Elsa.\
It was still just a one-word answer, but this one, Anna could manage.\
"Yes."\
Someday, somewhere, they could be happy.\
She could try.\
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\i \cf2 \cb1 <center>I'm not afraid.</center>
\i0 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\tx400\pardeftab720\li469\fi-7\ri1076\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 On the once-frozen shores of a fjord, there sailed a single ship.\
Where the night fell and the clouds descended, the waters could not be seen. It was into fog that the ship sailed, and soon the glint of ice disappeared, masked by night.\
On the lands bordered by the fjord, there stood a great kingdom once ruled by the harsh winter of a harsh queen. She had led a tortured existence. A thousand words could not express. A million letters could not convey. Sequestered high above in her cold towers, she lived a solitary life and died a slow death, trapped in the winter of her heart; but that was then, and she was free, now.\
Within the dank depths of this castle dwelled a boy who was not so different. Many seasons he had seen pass. Many dreams he had dreamed. Toiling in his underground hell, lingering in the dungeons of his dark despair, his tortured path would not be swayed; but he died, having seen light at last.\
And then there came a third, not from this kingdom but brought captive from her own. She stood on the earth, where the first ruled above, and the second toiled below. Herein, she found happiness and despair both. Even as she thawed the harsh frost, the snow dyed her colors white, and left a scar on her heart; but she was leaving now, sailing somewhere under the grey-black skies with the once-queen.\
She did not know what awaited them, whether she would ever find the dawn or be greeted only by a somber morrow; but they were together again.\
Winter had passed.\
Wind brushed over the grass of the fields, sailed over the surface of the waters, and the clouds dispelled.\
And there the ship was, vanishing, alone, into the moonlight.\
}